[Music]
zombies up cush you get the place magic is medicine wish you would
AA whispered to me don't believe in any more lies getting crazy on the
Moonshine when you P for something the little [__] that you give to the
goddess Athena follows a Deus around she makes men fulfill her desires
to be with the woman ching with aiac once you are out producing the thec
watch out your brain will open up Athena with a purple
cup Cush get the place get wish you
would you get the face magic isic
wish welcome back to Lady Babylon this is am and you tonight and I am going to
bring you zombies yes I'm going to bring you zombies tonight I'm very glad I'm very
glad to be able to teach the Bible like this I don't know why nobody teaches
this straight out of the gospels people that's where I'm taking you tonight
straight out of the gospels we are gonna go back and look at
Jesus and we're gonna see the zombies I'm going to pull that out and
show you be careful tonight it mess with your head a little bit you may have a
little too much of that reality and speaking speaking of
reality it's a real thing that people are critiquing it's a real thing that people
are now looking thanks to you satanic congregation people are looking at
Jesus and his naked boy and his title
Christ people are now looking at it why is that so important it's
important because they're meat fresh meat okay let's go to this first let's
go to this first um clip and before we do I just want to set this up for
you um I want you to think of the back alley you're in the back alley it's too
late it's too late you're in the back alley and here are the back alley
artists and they're going to give it to you cuz you trust them are you ready are
you ready the funny thing is they go back to the same thing they go back to
the same thing that Miss tight boox went back to are you ready hit the first one chewy
yeah I'm pulling up the Greek and this dude is just flat out line like we're looking up this is Mark in the in the
Greek and it says and there followe him a young certain a and there follow him a
certain young man having a linen cloth cast about his naked body and the young
man laid hold on him yeah and so when we look at that word for cloth it has
nothing to do with penis no and there's no innuendo in the text implying that at
all the cloth okay now I just want to stop I
want to say stop this is going to be yummy but watch what's going on here do you get the idea that maybe he
is some kind of Greek expert or at least trained in Greek he's reading don't be
too right you can smell the amateurish nature of it you know what he's doing
he's reading to you a poly clot he's reading to you an
English translation on the left with the Greek sprinkled on the right and you know what that does not mean that does
not mean you're reading the Greek bring it up bring it up show them
what it is no not that not that the first it's the first one yes there we go
bring it up yes no not Lucifer give me that we'll bring him back people this is
the verse they're referring to this is the first they're referring to Petty
men that's the rag he was talking about the sand on a the bandage and what does
that verb say it says he's got it wrapped around
something now look wait you got to bring it back hey get him out of here Jesus get out of
here be gone look at that I have the power of the devil I can make Jesus go
away hell Satan all right he's got something wrapped around him right part
of him is wrapped in this seend in this linen bandage and look at
the last two words where is it is it a cloak no it's on his private ports it
says it it Greek you were not reading the greatek
sir you were reading an English translation I want you to look give it
to me give him the nakedness right face you know what this means you know what this means Christian this means on your
genitalia on your genitalia covering is
genitalia now I hate to throw the
genitalia in your face like that no I I don't I don't I I love do everybody here
knows that right oh my God play that clip again one more time same clip we
I'm pulling up the Greek and this dude is just flat out line like we're looking up this is Mark in in the Greek and it
says and there followeth him a young certain a and there follow him a certain Young man having a linen cloth cast
about his naked body and the young man laid hold on him yeah and so when we
look at that word for cloth it has nothing to do with penis no and there's
no innuendo in the text implying that at all of course the cloth has nothing to
do with the penis of course it doesn't no we're talking about where the wrap is
positioned and it says it explicitly it's on his
privates now this is the thing that comes off when the kid runs
away and when he runs away what what is the author extremely careful to point
out give me the next one he's extremely careful to point it's a big deal it's
dirty stuff Mark right give me the next one it's the next one what is yep that's
what he is down here keep going boom boom oh God I lost my track T our Star
Charts are off our Star Charts are off well it's okay it'll come up let's go back to the this is what he says he says
he runs away naked
naked cover up that part the bandage fell off and the kid runs away
naked nak naked now people are always like what
people are getting away now what tell me about those kids that he's with okay I'll show you the kids that Jesus is
with and I'm going to show you him spitting in their faces I'm gonna show show him doing
stuff that is degrading stuff that he has to say when
he's in the midst of it he has to say pay attention and don't be
tempted what a pervert what a pervert this guy is you want to go to one of
these things let's go to one of them give me the second clip he's trying to say that Jesus was involved in this PR
it's utter nonsense the Christians were the one ending this this manboy nonsense
this evil horrible pedophilia practices and they're getting their ideas from what Jesus taught in the New Testament
and there's nothing in Mark 14 about Jesus having relations with any sort of young boy this guy is just making things
up that's not in the Greek and he's pretending it's there to fit the conclusion he wants he is not being
honest yeah yeah anything else you want to get from this clip or should we move on no it it's just it's it's from Crazy
Town it's utter nonsense I I there's nothing nice I can say about what he's
saying it's crazy it's crazy no it's just ancient
Greek which you have no familiarity with I can tell if I was considering whether
or not to have you in my class with my raw new recruits I wouldn't have you in
that class there's no way you can do those paradigms I guarantee it this dude
does not have the capacity to sit around on his couch and read Greek ancient
Greek he does not have it and you can smell it and Gnostic is going to come on
in a minute and show you exactly what we're talking about exactly yeah know we
didn't announce him sorry chewy I just told chewy for the first time sorry chewy yeah no's gonna come on but he
knows this is going to take me a while because I have to give you a picture I
have to provide you that actual dirt that comes through mother Greek and
that's what I'm going to do tonight give me the first it's okay give me the oh
you're going to send him oh chewy is sending him link okay go thanks boom we
did it now let's go give me the this one that's okay oh yes no Lucifer oh man we
almost forgot Lucifer by the way everybody Lucifer says Souls who dare
use their immortality Souls who dare look the omnipotent Ty in his Everlasting face
and tell him that his evil is not
good thank you Lucifer boom thank you Lucifer very much
um at least you know who you are right that's the whole bakic initiation you've
got no idea those guys who are critiquing they've got no idea and it's
funny people who are looking into the mirror always throw the accusations that
are coming to them dishonest excuse me if there's one thing
satanic congregation knows it's that Almon is
honest yeah because he has a contract with the
devil you see it doesn't work if I fabricate
because the fabrication is what it's a pursuit of prophet it's a
pursuit of prophet you want to follow the Tyrant you want that Prophet oh you
do you know you do you know you do Praise Jesus hell Satan give it to me
what's that next one here people just come along for the ride I know it's going to be good because I gave it to
you here what oh look this comes from my Master's thesis yeah yeah all these things I consider
should be done for the child up to the third year listen to this medicine from his birth and especially that his nurse
should observe no little care as to her food drink sleep sexual life and
exercise in order that her milk may be of the best
quality take it down look at that look at the way that
they're using milk do you know that your sexual
activity can influence quality of your milk if you didn't know that you're
behind these people these are the cultures that we're
dealing with right the level of sophistication when you say Christ
somebody there are verse there's a verse everybody knows in Revelation right in the apocalypse lips
talking about you must you must Christ your eyes and everybody looks around and
these guys that critique look around because they don't know what that means they don't know what's going on who is being
dishonest look into the Bic mirror yes satanic congregation did you realize
what we're doing we're holding up the bonic mirror
and they looking into it it's gorgeous somebody must be spanked
somebody who shall we spank who shall we spank tonight this one is for all you
evangelicals this is to opening your
[Music] eyes you don't expect it you don't
expect the sting he's a crazy man
mommy yes Jimmy don't watch his YouTube Jimmy it's gonna corrupt
you you give him loock to the people who
are corrupting the youth where's that kid how old is that
kid can we finally just nail down the age of thiso be that was with Jesus
naked when he was arrested with a bandage on his hooa can we just let's just nail him down tonight let's show
him come on bring it out let these people in awe let them have their
awe give me the next one nope next one
boom in Ellis democrates drank too much
and went Saye what's the cause of his Insanity B black
bile he took the drug and was purged oh God where are we are we with are we in a
hospital or are we in some kind of Temple with incense and funication and
Priests saying don't eat or drink for so long much was purged from him he
produced flim and black bile throughout the day these are the words of a Greek
physician towards evening he stopped the purging that's good guy's been give that
guy another sponge he had much pain in the purging
sounds like it he drank barley broth huh I've heard that before sleep
took him and held him all night until the sun was
high isn't that nice do you know what happened when you give people drugs and
rituals you control this is just the medicine in sleep he did not seem to
those who were present to be breathing but to have
died but he
survived Praise Jesus Praise Jesus do you see what the Christ is doing do you
want to see what the Christ is doing doing do you want to enter death and be
born again do you want to enter that life do you want it do you want to have
ionic life do you want to have it okay here we go here we go the
Christians and the Christians are sitting around because they have been
poisoned and they are in a coma for more than a A Thousand Years
they've been fed a drug in their food fed a
drug do you want to see it do you want to see it as long as it's got some of that blister beetle I'm willing to be
here right can you taste it give it to me
give it to me give me what the Christians can't get that one
yeah demon possession damonia oh to be under the power of a
Dion baby to suffer by a Divine
visitation to be possessed to be mad do you know what
starts the ministry of that dude who was given the
funds by the creeps who carry all the drugs do you know what he did
he battled demons he fought
demons and he fought the king of
demons in a little place called void yeah don't touch his [__] it will
make you see things
okay all right shall we go in shall we go in is he summoned I think he's
summoned give me the next one give me the next one I want to show you another word
Diono right right oh my God to be
deified possessed by an evil an evil spirit
Fantastic look at the tech on these people do you know there's no
distinction between those demons that you see when you're christed and the drug induced
hallucinations that the doctors write about huh
interesting interesting can you smell the reality you thought it was about
right demons demon be gone right
no it's going to end up with us somewhere somewhere in the Backwoods
with Jesus and Mary and somebody is going to be self-pleasuring and gonna
offer it to the other to eat where is that naked kid that is with
Jesus where is that naked kid you want me show them to you tonight you want me to show you from the Bible the naked kid
that is with that creep when he is arrested screaming I am
not a trafficker give me the next Watch What Happens people Watch What
Happens boom you know what's wrong with this
place this house has bad demon this line
of people it's got bad demons what are these demons
Bo boom these
demons are going to be destructive they're going to be
destructive and what why are they around why are
they around watch this the children of atus right the children of adus are
hiding it in time in
Kronos yeah and what do they do they
very unintelligently go astray huh okay okay wait wait wait um
what is it that I'm dropping when I run away from Jesus you're dropping that linen
wrap that we are using to celebrate
pasca and there are others who are celebrating it just like us and I am
telling you they're going to catch us and I am going to get
crucified and all of you all of you little bastards you're GNA run and
you're gonna deny everything what happened to Jesus those
are the words of Jesus this is the love your mother or your neighbor like
yourself Guy this is the peace you know and love guy who is this guy this is the
guy that everybody says oh your philosophy is was so
good this is him he knows before he gets arrested with a
naked kid he knows he even knows somebody is going to
betray him and he keeps telling them you're going to get scandalized you're going to get scandalized you're going to
get scandalized bring it up bring it up let's just show show them show them the cult really quick and tonight we're
going to Matthew I know Mark is is going to be walking along with us but we're
going to Matthew next one this is when he dropped it he dropped the scene done
now wait a minute remember the Christians that you just saw who
were saying it's crazy right um they think he's dressed
they think that bandage is like some kind of linen suit and when the dudes go
to grab him they like rip him out of his clothes yeah why did they put the word
garment in that translation that that dude just read that he made you think he was translating to Greek which he was
not because he inserted words the translation insert of words that are not
there like body with naked it's not there there yeah trying to make sense of a
very embarrassing situation yeah fantastic what do we do
Mark how much do we put in there right they had the letter didn't you see the
letter okay and look here's the verse with Nanos and there was the certain
Nanos assigned to Jesus right because that a
verb there is you know something you talk about with slaves or soldiers
typically um so it's a kid that's signed to him and he has that seone wrapped
around his naughty bits right and they grab him and the kid runs away and he's
naked he's totally naked when he runs away give me the next one what had Jesus
just been saying Jesus said to them all of you I'm translating will be
scandalized all of you this is going to go quick all of you will be scandalized
hold on Che we've got interceptors hit it all of you tell me Jesus once again
what do you mean I'm going to be scandalized remember who's he talking to it's the night or the early morning of
his arrest and he has been with 12
teenagers right from the age of 10 to about 18 19 he's been with 12 of them
and he's been washing their feet without anything covering his private parts cuz
that's what he uses he uses his freaking underwear to wipe off their
feet and then he gets one of them to go nuts and leave after giving him some
something after giving him something and later that kid we've got one description
of that kid dying from what appears to be
poisoning a perfect description just like he described somebody was in the writing
ODS on the blister ped using the same clinical
description right you didn't see it you didn't see it because you didn't go
through the creek and that is the disgusting
reality that you produce you monists you're an embarrassment you
know what I'm doing I'm kicking down the doors of your stupid church and I'm taking your Bible right out of your
hands your Guardians are stunned and on the floor because they are inadequately
trained have a nice day I'll have the Bible thank you give me the next one
give me the next one boom watch this people watch this where are we oh
um if you're listen you remember this I'm going to I'm going to start translating you remember but listen if
your right eye scandalizes you take it out throw it
out take it out and throw it out now and you're like wait a minute wait what okay
um if that eye which is dexios on you
what's happening is you just think positionally a right eye I don't know maybe the guy's got to thank for right
eyes no it's the terminology the Magi are using right you always have on the right
side for very specific reasons just like you do on the left side cult wise that
turns the tables right here he's got if your right
eye is being a cause for Scandal
take it out now what what the H I still don't understand it who's scandalizing
what what is it actually mean to be scandalized what does it actually mean
to be scandalized Peter says to him by the way Peter says to him even if everybody
scandalized he says not me not me what is that scandalized it's
trapped because poor Peter poor Peter
believes what he's been groomed to
believe yeah right what is that scandalized it's
trapped have you ever been trapped in a situation where people can look at you
and say naughty naughty this deserves the death
penalty crucify him that is what Jesus is talking talking to Peter the teenage
boy about all right give me the next one give me the next one people are like oh
be quiet blessed is the one who isn't scandalized in
me you know what I mean there's got to be some love between a groomer and his
teenagers you mean Jesus Christ was a groomer remember what he's trying trying to beat he's it's why he doesn't say
anything when they first question him in the religious Court he's not a lace days
that's what he says keep going right I'm not that one who traffics and SE sells
children for sex right now is that a cult or is that a business or is that a
mafia type deal no no it's
piracy it's taking Advantage sexually of other people for the sake of a cult the
cult is the power that keeps everything going right these people have all come
to pasca in order to what to be killed and
to be raised again to be given that thos seone and to be raised from the
dead we're going to see him all we're going to see them all do it okay be patient please with me please be patient
give it to him give it to them what does this one say oh my God and then Jesus
said to them what all of you are going to be scandalized and what's going to
haveen they're all going to turn and run away he says it's been written down baby it's been written
down yeah thank you thank you give me the next one give me the next one
boom and what happens when uh when Jesus finished all this blah blah blah he said
to his ma t wait he said to his what to his students and I'm going to show you
that age group look at that word m Greek students it's
student look Jesus is getting set up here for the PCA right he's getting set up for it and he
says look I'm going to be betrayed and I'm going to be crucified so all night this dude has
been talking about he's been buming us all out talking about he's somebody you're all going to be
scandalized you're all G to reject me you're all gonna like denounce me and
you're all going to get out of here right okay we're going into PCA so Jesus
himself is performing the right he too is entering death and
Resurrection just not in the way the fairy tale made you think it was did you
think that Tom was a here he comes walks in this body looks
like it's glowing or something yes is that what you thought
it meant that's not what the text says baby I got bad harsh news for
you he was doing a right that other people were doing he was performing the mystery and you can't say that it wasn't
concurrent it wasn't actually happening because the New Testament authors themselves say it was
happening yeah have you ever sat on the throne of
Satan you know there's a mystery of iniquity
and it's already at work that's what they
said that's what they said you want to see the mystery of iniquity you want to see the Christ let me show you give it
to me give it to me give it to me the next one um what's one of the things okay we're getting ready Jesus is
getting ready to go into his death cult and he's going to be put into death what's one of the tools they got around
them look at that third word the alabastron right the
asron and what is that it's a very well-known tool it's in Antiquity it's a
dildo that carries the muron or the combination of the oils and Botanicals
that are used in sex rights and by rights I don't just mean it your local
church or your synagogue or your temple I don't mean those kind of sex rights I mean the ones that you do in the bedroom
the Greeks have been using this for a long time don't you know you get oiled
up with the aphrodesiac first and it's conveniently
shaped so that it can it can be applied and they rub it why do they rub
it they remove the oil and they rub it which the Christians always translate as break right like you got the perfume bam
I got to get into the perfume well what do you mean I got to break it open to get into it that's how they that's how
they picture it that's how they translate it like I got like Jesus sitting there Mary magdalene's got this
vial that she can't open so he's like bam and then what the hell the the
ointments all over the place you idiot go to Aristophanes you can see how it's
used it's amazing so Jesus has already had his alabastron and why did Mary give
him the alabastron it's drugs pay look what I
look at the next one look at the next one and by the way it pissed people off
and they said um Jesus said what's this you know you got some kind of grief you
got some kind of beef with the lady he's talking to his students you got because
they're like ah you got some kind of a beef with her give it to me why' she do this people
now I'm going to read the Bible for you for the first time you evangelicals here it comes I'm going to read it to you for
the first time she took that myrr right and what happened he says she put it all
over my body for the sake of what for the sake of
inasi in order to put me in to the death
state he's already started the mystery ritual
of pasca okay he's got the
drugs on board at this point he is being
christed are you the Christ you notice that it's in the gospels they don't ask
are you the Messiah because that is fake they ask in the Greek are you the
Christ yeah the whole Messiah narrative is later and it's fake it is a
reinal bastardization and delegitimization of the Greek texts that
are the Torah yes and it's all in the language
it's all in the language people we had it the time what the hell what the hell
it's because things happen if you ever talk to the
Oracle you'll find out that things happen chronologically and that they can be
engineered some things to be covered up and some things to be
revealed what are we doing now we are revealing that Beast we are bringing
that right back to you which is exactly what our bantine monk
said we bring the [Music] Antichrist the antidote the antidote for
Jesus isn't that weird the antidote for Jesus is seeing what's actually going
on okay it feels good doesn't it with the anthropology every time you get one
of these sources and you're like oh God you're in Rhythm and you're like oh oh you're right there just keep going just
keep going you know you speed up a little bit just keep going when reading these sources and it's feeding you it's
feeding you oh God you can taste these Scrolls
Ah that's it that's it give me the next one give me the next what can we glean
out of this one so it's a late at night remember when Jesus is reclining with
his 12 students now I taught for many years for many years out in wood and
[Music] stone and I never once
reclined with my fraking students late at night washing feet
naked not once but you know this what the cult stuff does baby you and you understand
why the Romans are trying to put this stuff out now the guy in the clip said
it was the Christians look he said can you believe listen to his fake world that he wanted you to buy just for a
minute oh those Athenians everybody knows about those Athenians you know
what I mean he doesn't even realize that that was what the Athenians said about the Spartans right because this guy is
not he is a phony he is a pseudo prophet and he is a phony and he's getting
burned he's getting burned just like other people are getting burned that Neil is going to bring you tonight the
special burning oh I love it I love it hell Satan give me the next one give me the next one what's going on we're
eating Ryan what oh god what does he say to him hey look he says amen yes speak
my word put my name on your tongue put my name on your tongue you crucified
[__] you know what that is people that amen
at the end of the first line you say oh I know it's Amen brother no it's a magic
phrase it invokes power Jesus is Master the [__]
demons oh excuse me yeah excuse me get that
one okay there it's gone Gees YouTube sh
I think I've heard other people say it once or twice that's always say it look at the am
man what am I saying to you someone's gonna now remember you got
12 kids from like TW like 10 to 12 age up to like 16 17 18 age you got them
there with you and you've been giving them drugs oh wait I'm going to show you where he gives them the drugs um and you
he says what's he saying amen amen he's he's performing magic brother and what's
he going to say he's telling them the future this is what stoned Magi
do now this one is doing it with the boys okay finally did we catch up I felt
it just click did you just just feel it click right there just feel it click
yeah I know some of you like I already had it click right be happy you got to click another time you can get clicks
all over the place that's what life's all about get clicked love
it you know that's why they wanted they want it chewy they want it I know you do
give it to me give it to me what happens right away when he says this the
kids all get upset right and they all start saying look it's not me it's not me right it's
not me why he's told him somebody's going to betray me right it's not me so
watch what he does masterfully is they're under coming under the influence he says it's the one who's
going to baptize his hand with me in the
bull that's a literal translation and when I say baptize I'm
mean die that bowl contains psychotropic
die and he forces Judas to enter the right with that
little bit of poison that little bit of poison do you know what the Magi do and why we're so
afraid of them they're able to control your mind they're able to control your
mind you know those voices you know those voices yeah do you
know there are diones there are diones that can whisper in your
ears yeah they are diones the
marus is the one who controls this
manipulation that's the marus it's why it's unnatural ultimately they consider it unnatural right but that's how the
cry must be right what did the devil say he said
he's coming you know what I'll bet he's going to do I bet this God this Tyrant
God is so bad I bet he kills his only [Laughter]
son yeah look at the Devil pure prophecy
do you understand why the devil is in the void are we still up chy we got oh sorry
bang on the walls maybe it'll come back up okay good uh the devil do you
understand now do you understand that place that we have to go to yeah we
have to look into the mirror we have to look into the mirror and Jesus is with
his boys and they're all going to go through this he's taking them you realize he's with these 12 boys that he
just took his clothes off and every one of them saw his hooa every one of them
because he was washing their feet and he used his underwear to wipe off their
feet now don't think that's too strange for a Magus because they do stuff like
that they're all like h on your sweat and stuff yeah no seriously seriously
guys seriously you're looking sweat
yeah I don't know Jesus I don't know boy sweat I don't think I'm going to go
there I think that's where I'm drawing the freaking
line at least we can be here and watch him do his thing give me the next one
give me the next one what happens oh God are you ready room 12 children Jesus is
always very is already very inappro appropriately de uh undressed himself in
front of the kids tied a little rag around his waist
and washed their Fey
weedies and then dried them with the towel he's already done that now what's H he takes a cup uh oh stop stop what
happens He blesses the cop and he gives it to
them saying everybody
drinks yeah okay now just for the record just for the record the 12 that he takes
there three of them couldn't even stay
awake couldn't even stay awake says Their Eyes Were
heavy do you know why their eyes were so freaking heavy I mean I don't know about you but if I'm standing in a public park
at 400 a.m. there's no way I'm just going to fall asleep okay no way I'm gonna fall
asleep by the way you know they weren't the only ones in the park right we're going to see the zombies that are doing
the same thing oh God you're gonna love it it's the real okay tonight I have to be honest with everybody the real
novelty tonight the real novelty is the
zombie oh God I'm so sorry I'm so sorry okay but it's got to come out this way
it's got to come out give me the next one please please boom and what happened
oh okay now look now he gives them instructions by the way he just gave him the cup with the drug that's gonna
narcotize them right and he gets them up he gathers them up right and he says to
is he's taking him to the Garden right he's taking him to the Garden of Gethsemane where he gets
arrested right and what is he what does he tell he says look after I come
back right I'll go before you do to back to Galilee so that they could know where
to come up you mean Jesus Christ is telling people he's going to enter into
death and he's going to come back and when he comes back he saysi meet you in
Galilee
okay what does your fairy tale say about
this it says Jesus is talking about his
resurrection do you know how many resurrections there are that they're all over the place and
tonight I'm going to resurrect the zombies for you they're all over the place coming out of the tombs coming out
of the tombs people all groggy and bandaged coming oh god oh it's okay it's
okay there's another one right oh that one's ODed says says the dude about the young
girl she's ODed yeah get her Jesus G bro right so Jesus says after I come out of
it meet me in Galilee give me the next one and what happens so Jesus gathers
them all up and this is what this says they're going out to the Garden right they're going out to that
little Mount it's not a big Mount it's just a hill right it's a little bit you
know it's okay but it's not like you know Everest um they go out to that
little Hill and it's the place of the olives and what do they do while they're
on their way they're Heming they're hemming who hyms at the
time the mystery religions you don't you hear those people at
Sunrise they do it all the time you can hear them at 2 a if you get close to
them yeah what are they doing out there Jesus is taking his boys out to that
secluded place and they're singing religious hymns what
do you think they're singing marching out there I'll tell you what they're singing they're singing the mystery
rights they're singing the same thing everybody else who's performing bakic
ritual is singing and here they go here it goes
what' you think were you Christians what did you think they were Hing you think
they had one of your hym books out there from 1850 How Great Thou Art do you
think that's what they're singing you freaking morons oh my God give it to me give it
to me by the way thank you to Teddy Bas for the Glorious music Teddy is gonna
take another modern and transform it into an ancient he's gonna do pull a
miracle he touched me right Jesus touched me give me the next one plays
plays and Jesus says everybody's going to be scam scandalized right why is this
why is that one that was the one that we had in twice I meant to get rid of that go um that's the scalone or the Trap
right everybody knows the Scandal is the Trap and Jesus says we're all going to get trapped right and what is this right
stick in a trap on which the bait is placed right we're going to get caught
tonight remember I just wanted you to remember that's I think that's that's why I repeated it because I wanted you
to hear um the fact that Jesus is setting this up right he knows dude he
knows and what does this say it says Jesus is saying amen again he's saying
my name say my name Jesus I say to you all right in this night before thee
Crow not Crow the what's that guy called rooster rooster before that rooster sounds right
you're going to deny that you know me three times
right you're going to it's not just deny that you know
right it's it's to say that you um think that whatever is being discussed is bad
and you want nothing to do with it it's almost like you have to turn on some of
someone of that you've been uh following and you're gonna have to renounce I like
the word renounce better um for that um
yeah anyway let's keep going he says you're gonna renounce me here it is oh
here it is light and oh look deny right to refuse to reject to deny right good
okay so something very serious is going to happen and nobody ever points out
that in the middle of this entire party in the garden in the Mount of Olives um
in the middle of all of this there's some going there are some goings on that are you don't realize you've interrupted
a right right the cops that came there suddenly interrupted Jesus let's see
what he does let's see what he does I know I put it in there right and Jesus came to the place called
Gethsemane and he said to his 12 student students sit here sit here here's a nice
place isn't he creepy sit here sit here I'm G to go over there and
pray right and everybody says these are 40y old men no they aren't I'll show you there so he's sitting down his
class and he's gonna go over there and pray what does he do then what does he do then he takes a hold of
Peter right and the two sons of
zbed yeah and he did what what's he gonna do he's going to take him with him
at a distance and um he starts Lupes he starts entering a pain or Grievous State
and he starts becoming confused you mean Jesus the son of God was
confused a Deon a
Deon you right he was in a state of
intoxication he was in a state of intoxication a state of confusion give
me the next one give me the next one ad Mon oh people look at it to be sorely
troubled just because nobody ever Bel believes me to be in anguish look down
couple of lines to be puzzled to be puzzled huh and where is this thing
found it's found in the epidemics it's in the Hippocratic Corpus again we're
looking at the term through its
use that is what classical philology is pointing at a translation on a computer
screen and saying reading off the translation what is that that is so weak
you evangelicals can I just say at this time you you Evangelical are so
disgracefully weak why will none of you answer the
call none of you out there you know what I feel like I feel like goath I feel
like Goliath right aren't there any Davids out there because I'm getting tired of stepping on your
asses I love it Gnostic informance is going to to bring some goodness too did
you send NOS invite sorry I sprung that on you chewy by the way for anybody who
puts down for anybody who puts down the chewy um anybody's chewy not just my
chewy but Danny's chewy I saw those reviewers say
something nasty about Danny's Danny Jones chewy who's
stepen with a BH and that that was unacceptable
unacceptable put it you know put them down put them down for the demons where the demons go get them out I'll get them
out what is this
saying this is hypocrates and this oh this is just an aside look we pop back
in time back to fifth century we're going to look at some fifth century type medicine influenced by the ionians being
practiced in Attica oh yeah what's this say oh oh these
things right these symptoms that he's been describing because he goes through
the year and he says this year we had these diseases and this year he says the
symptoms were common in M what are those those are young
girls those your young boys and aamus and what are these people all have in
common what does the naos have in common with the
moks they are ausi isn't that a beautiful word
ausi they are blooming
blooming okay set that in your brain and what does that bottom line say these are
the types of people who spend time at the palra and the gymnasia what are they
they're the schools the public
schools do you know where Jesus gets his Apostles from public
schools that's why he calls his students children
again it's the age between 10 to 12ish and up to uh later
teens right and by the way people say uh St Peter was married no no no he wasn't
he wasn't right it's one word for sister-in-law right and mother-in-law
it's the same word he's probably his brother's wife yeah is say cuz why how
can I be so sure because there's no other evidence of a freaking wife
anywhere right and it doesn't fit that he's married at such a young
age fantastic by the way the tax collector was sitting at the booth he
wasn't employed okay give me the next
one what is a ma taste I want you to look into the face of the Apostle
tonight right right it's the people people of philosophers and rhetoricians
right students of you know apprentices people in studying medicine right this
is the teen year right the teen experience and I'm not saying year by
year by year the growth experience it's that period growth and following the
bloom and following when what are these people doing they're usually working
with someone specifically to learn it's a form of Education or
pidea okay remember nobody's been speaking Hebrew here for hundreds of years right we've all been speaking
Greek and we had that Revolution right we want those libraries we want those
tags yay civilization love it give me the next
one um look at what do we do in the the gasan we do bodily exercises right
gymnastic school in Egypt those who have received training is a febes and
everybody knows what a fees are a febes are teenagers yeah why they are in the bloom
of Youth they didn't look at it like 16 17 18 they didn't look at it like that
they looked at it as blooming I told you I told you overwhelming majority of
these people are involved in one way or another with
agriculture okay fantastic we cannot forget that a fee we're talking about a
fees do you understand Christians do you understand when it's translated as a disciples do you
understand we're talking about students
Jesus is doing everything he's doing as a Christos with the appropriate 12
children appropriate for the rights right Paul does the same thing he has to go out and get 12 too why is it why do
you think it is haven't you been in a synagogue haven't you been in a synagogue by the second century that
synagogue has an ion has an ion with the ribbon of the astrology around it 12
houses don't you know know what you're doing you need one kid for every
house okay all right stuff has to be followed
there's prescriptions for this these drugs are crazy crazy complicated and
dangerous the whole process of putting yourself into death and being raised
again into new life that entire mystery
is a very very regulated
process okay otherwise you can end up dead bro you can end up dead and Jesus
is like handing out the poison right everybody knows that Jesus Christ if you don't know go look at Mark chapter 16
Jesus Christ is handing out the death poison to people right everybody knows that did
anybody say that to any of evangelicals that tried to poison their minds did you
tell them that what about Jesus handing out death drugs huh Jim Jones did and everybody
made a big deal out of that what about Jesus because Jesus's drugs bring you
back baby they bring you back you know you can so you know they
have the technology let me just say this for the conspiracy people out there I want to tell you tell you one thing
about Jesus Christ Jesus Christ hung on a cross and
died before he was supposed to the only injury he was given beside the
beating was the sword in the side the Javelin in the side and what happened
what happened with that wound well that's what killed him no he had already been
dead but and here's what you'll love those wounds can be easily
closed Jaylen talks about suturing that stuff up all the time their military Physicians are great at it okay you guys
know that give me the next one we need more evidence here I want to see the zombies bring in the zombies bring in
the zombies what happens to this Jesus is in a place of pain he says look my
mind ah we're in the garden and Jesus is like ah my mind is so burdened it's
burdened all the way into death right he's going into it he's going into it
this is what's going on in his drugged students are
sleeping the only one who's not sleeping is that naked kid that's with Jesus
because all of this is happening around that naked kid okay what does he say what does he say he says I'm going in
into that death my my P my soul is so heavy I'm going to that death and what
what may right um he's talking to him
standing over him sons of [__] what's he doing he's standing
over those Apostles and they've fallen asleep again he says you couldn't you
couldn't stay here right man not stay here he given him a command right remain
Vigilant and do what Gregor with me
yeah be aware right be aware be on
guard Jesus needed the three that were the most
impressive physical you know sub uh examples he
needed them to be there to be watching and he tells
them watch but don't be tempted this is all in the environment
of him praying to God please if I don't have to do this don't let me right we
we'll just we just not do it it's hard to do the PCO man what do you think he's
trying to what do you think this is easy give me the next one give me the next one oh God what this was Matthew
26:39 yes so he goes away a little bit he falls on on his face and he's praying
he's saying oh God if it's possible you know put this thing aside this cop put
this cop aside he's with the kid remember he's he's with the kid he and the kid Peter James and John at a
distance who keep falling asleep and what's he say right what's he say oh um
if it's your you know will let it be done but if not you know right I want what you want big daddy and what happens
comes to a students and he finds them there and they're totally passed out he says you idiots you couldn't even keep
it together to help me keep watch of what was going on because remember he's been talking about we're gonna we're
going to get giving up baby right so stay awake pay attention and do what don't
get tempted why because the spirit is
willing it's strong it's Prof it has that thumos that's the
spirit but the SARS oh the SARS is weak the flesh is
weak don't be tempted what he's doing with the boy don't be
tempted flesh is weak do you remember what Paul said he's got that what in his
flesh he's got that Venom in his flesh he's got that
thorn okay remember the sex drugs they're using the sex drugs in this process and if you ever haven't been
look what is that sex drug doing it's forcing orgasm right forced psychotic oras or
ASM confused paranoid
orgasm Jesus is rolling on the ground I'm about to show you what he says when he stands up and starts
talking it makes no fraking sense makes no sense give me the next
one this dude they say I'm crazy oh my God look at Jesus right what's he doing
if I was caught with 12 students out in the public park I wouldn't be standing
here and my kitchen of Doom talking to you that's for sure once he come he
comes back and he finds them sleeping again darn it they're
anesthetized what and he says look he's waking them up they eyes are they can't
open their eyes right seriously I I wake up if I think a spider is crawled across
my face that wakes me up boom I'm like a
century seriously you're out in a public park and you can't even hold your eyes open what was
in the cup Jesus what was in the cup and why are you telling these young kids why are you
telling these young people these Bloomers why are you telling them to not
be tempted tempted what tempted with what you
freak all right bring on we got to bring zombies we got to bring zombies I told you I told you Neil I was going along
tonight and he comes to his students and he says them wake the hell up right now
it's time are you ready the Christians are gonna right um they're gonna love this now it's time he says the hour has
come right for the son of man to be handed over to the hands of those who
were doing wrong give it to me he knows The Jig Is up when I watch this gives
him away the evangelicals are going to love this this gives them away he says what does Jesus say now if you are right
and he is H and the Son of God is standing there right he is oh and he
knows everything all praise ride to the Lamb of pasca he knows everything why
does he say this get up let's get out of here there's the there's the one who
betrayed me why does he say let's get out of here why does he say
that Jesus you know you're about to get crucified why are you telling the boys
hey um The Jig Is up let's get out of here aan with that one word
aan Christian theology takes a dive Jesus Christ was trying to get
away he wasn't able to they surprised them it was too much and those idiot
kids were all anesthetized have you what happened to the other ones I don't know but they just run as soon as the cops
show up what happens you're at that party you know what I'm talking about you're at that party stuff's been
happening and you know you go into rooms and there's you know people are freaking
crazy right and what happens when the sirens show up wo right it was a group
of Roman soldiers it was a SWAT when a SWAT team shows up in this
circumstance everybody ran Jesus was
right he got scandalized and here it is let's
go no Jesus sorry you're not omniscient you're not omniscient you are
about to get treated in the fashion that all lace tie is you darn well know get treated you're
about to get crucified how do you think Jesus knew
that he was going to get crucified you know what gets you crucified not being a thief right
thieves don't get crucified are you kidding me yeah people are trying to take [__]
in the marketplace all the time you can't crucify all those people what do you do what do you do you crucify only
those who need to be visibly seen to be crucified it's public
execution it's very civilizing when you show the worst of the
worst being killed you got your eyes wide open thank
you Ludo thank you oh God I love the serum here's the Ludo H
Satan give me the next one let's go okay I'm going to but oh God yeah take it
away um now what are the words that Jesus says right now listen from Jesus's mouth
how doped up he is because he couple of them start to fight back right Peter
starts to fight back and Jesus says what are you doing
don't you know that I can call daddy and he can send me how many how many Legions
of angels oh my God what what are you talking about these
are people in history it's a SWAT unit
and they're here to arrest you and they're not going to arrest you just for anything Jesus they're going to
arrest you for a crucified crime and you're talking about
what dude dude serious serly Legions of
angels seriously do you hear the kid screaming in the background running away and right now the naked kid with the
bandage on his hooa he's nervous because now he bolts they go for him and he
bolts what was that kid doing with Jesus in that Park he was doing something that
could get Jesus Christ crucified was Jesus Christ justifiably
crucified yeah just like the two dudes next to him just like the two dudes next
to him give it to me give it oh there he is crucifying Jesus here let's do some
gratuitous uh history here he is but before what does he get before imagine him getting this before oh Jesus Christ
Jesus Christ Jesus Jesus
Christ ah try that sometime try that sometime um you know
the same group gets executed and prison right by other prisoners that innate Justice that says
you cannot harm children that's Universal that doesn't go away you can't
wipe that out you can't wipe that out the drive to crucify Jesus Christ was a
drive to stop those involved in the trade we have trafficking right now
where people are drugged and put into sexual situations and dominated by the drugs manipulated by
the drugs do you think this is a new invention the Romans wanted to put a
stop to it this Christian guy said oh it was GE it was the Christians they're the
ones who stomped all the Pasty they're the no they aren't they are not the ones
who stop the pedasi and I can give you example after example after example of Christians being put into jail for
sexually abusing children okay in what in
rights Christian rights all right so yeah I'm sorry for
the Christians out there I'm sorry I'm very sorry that you know the reality has
to be this way but we have to be true to those texts right we have to follow those texts give
me the next one let's hurry let's get through this right so that Neil can come on oh God here no let's keep going we
did that one here go to the next one go to the next one get up let's go yeah
yeah we're getting betrayed right right keep going keep going he was thanking there the yeah we caught up we caught up
so in at that time Jesus this is when Jesus says to the crowd of people that
showed up notice that it says Matthew uses the word OS right a crowd it's not
just a crowd like Taylor Swift fans right it's a mob a pissed off
mob and most of them are armed even the ones that aren't SWAT are
armed do you realize that when Jesus Christ was arrested he was arrested in a
raid and guess who they were rounding up they
were rounding up
traffickers they were giving rewards for
traffickers uhuh Julius Caesar had just done his thing he had
just done his thing trying to clean up the Mediterranean from the fraking traffickers that kidnapped him
sons of okay okay what does Jesus say to the
Mob he says look you think I'm a
lay you think I'm a
trafficker it's not me making it up it's coming right out of the the text itself
these are your text Christians and I'm not going to give them back and so yeah
um They Crucified him what does it say they crucified him and with him there
were Duo Ley there were Duo Ley and how are they
crucified they put one on one side and one on the other they lined these guys
up they lined these traffickers of the human soul up these AB users of humanity
and they were so pissed that they prefer that Jesus get crucified to a dude who
had killed someone yeah to a dude who had killed
someone there was great hatred for Jesus Christ for a reason you were supposed to
see the crucifixion for what it was instead you preferred your greed
you wanted that life you didn't want to die and go to hell did you you didn't
want to die and go to hell to my friend out there who said enjoy hell idiot you
don't want to die and go to hell Right the dude who was there was a
creepe give me the next one we're almost done we're almost done Neil and um yeah
here's just another one and those there those crucified there are those crucified lace D but what I just want
you to know notice what they're doing they derided
Jesus what he had done was so bad they derided
him they derided him because there's different you know there's wh when
you're involved in trafficking you know you can always just sell the person off to somebody who's who's going to you
know she's going to fetch a high price for a bride somewhere you just take her to the bride market right you don't have
to do PCA you don't have to do PCA and I think
that the derision of those other traffickers
around him I think that says a lot about that angry mob I think it says a lot
even the Roman soldiers were giving it to them right you
know give me the next one giving the next and what does it say what does it
say oh the temple so Jesus he gives up right he gives up the ghost right he he
yields his life and what does this say the temple curtain was ripped in
half right and what happened there was an earthquake the Earth
shook ready now you want of the zombies just wait the Earth shook
Shook and the stones were broken right we've got tombs
that are made of stone and when Jesus is up there he cries out ah and he says sabach thone the holy
God he's crying out am man he's crying
out to that Divinity in whose mystery he is and remember he's saying crazy stuff
he wouldn't answer any questions at point right and what happens he's screaming and all of a sudden the Earth
shakes and the tombs crack open and what happens give me the next one what happens here they are the tombs opened
up yeah yeah and they were full of
people who woke up and walked away walked away did you
notice every time Jesus goes around a tomb there's somebody dead in it who gets up and walks away did you
understand the process of the death and resurrection and the cult do you understand why they're doing that in the
cemeteries Jesus is not the only one on pasca who is under the influence of the
death inducer yeah they took him down from
that cross and took him away any
phys could have patched him up any physician he could have been
given drugs to revive them and you say how do they oh don't worry you have orifices
baby yeah he could have been given drugs to revive him and what would he do then
he would walk away just like he said he would he'd go up to Galilee he'd meet him up
there when he was done do you know what Jesus was doing he was doing the mystery
and the entire fairy tale that you have heard is false it's a figment of your
imagination the actual history is way better dude was caught up in a cult that
was doing things you know and got him crossed with the Romans right oh next
thing you know he's getting crucified just like like he thought he would give me the next one give me the next one oh
people love it people love it last I think that's it yeah they come out yep they get up next one boom and what
happens they come out of those tombs right this is the ageris yeah this is the
aerus remember Jesus already said when Mary showed up with the sex drug dildo
dispenser Med medicinal dispenser um when he showed up with that he was
already entering he told you this is the eni asmon right these rights they have
processes that you go through steps in the initiations right prophets do these
steps they perform these steps and now what is this step this is the step of
the the Revelation right uh um the uh
ageris the ageris what is that aerus it's just from agor to wake up that's
what these mystery writs are all about and as soon as the person who is physically remember I showed you the
drug and it said it looks like the person is completely dead that's what these people are doing in the tombs well
guess what he's got a whole bunch of people around him that are doing the
rights don't you remember there are people who follow
Jesus and what are they doing they're entering the aerus it's a stage of the right that
little kid that was in the Tomb now you thought he was there holy He Slipped
through some holy you know slide and popped up and that and he said look Jesus is out of here that kid is going
through the process just like all of those other mystery initiates that's why he's dressed like
one give me okay one more one more let me go to yeah go to that one yeah here
it is just for those of you who don't ever believe me and for the for the
people this is not for satanic congregation this is for the people who sit there and like oh I think he's
making it up this is your Awakening this is your
Awakening from death look at how it's being used it's your
recovery your raising your
erection your erection zombies and the erection of
Jesus Christ that would be the name of a band
thank you for coming tonight I think I'm going no don't leave thank you for coming to this part now we're going to
have Neil and I'm going to disappear into vapor um just for a little bit I'll be back and Neil is going to hit you
with some cult stuff Neil thanks for waiting so long tonight I appreciate I
appreciate the time um I want you to freely um just offer us whatever you
want to offer us I'm going to shut up and give you that off opportunity yeah man I want to touch on
some of the things you were touching about about the Beloved disciple and what that means what that would have
meant for the Greek audience at the time period And I also want to promote some of my work that I got coming out in the
next week um a lot of things going on a lot of projects that I'm working on right now so with that being said I
noticed you were rebuttal refuting some of these uh Christian online apologists
who are uh afraid to look at their own their own text in in in in in a
certain light they're afraid they're afraid of this stuff this is terrifying because what is a beloved disciple right
what's going on for example what's going on in John's gospel where you got this
clear depiction of this young the youngest of all of them and he's always depicted as this young boy hanging up on
Jesus's lap you know it's the Beloved disciple right you know there he is
again the youngest he's always got a cup in his hand he's always drinking underage drinking going on what's that
about you know sometime some of these Renaissance painters have some weird cultic [__] going on with the Beloved
disciple where he's holding a cup he's doing the seasian hand signals he's got snakes coming out of his Cups he's got
Venoms antivenoms Christ Antichrist so that's your beloved
disciple right you know standard stuff but what is a beloved disciple right what is a beloved disciple that's what I
want to figure out so the first thing I want to do is we're going to go to well the one the
most famous beloved uh couple of all time was
Socrates and alabes by the way if you read diogenes
larus diynes lus tells us that Socrates when he was young when he was the age of
alabes he was the Beloved of archelus and then it's like then you
read the life of archelus archelus was the beloved of some other guy when he was younger and there's this like
beloved lover relationship going on in the ancient Greek World being passed
down it's it's the way it was back then so you know I'm not saying I approve or
anything but I'm just saying this is what the way this is the way things were as far as Christians being the ones to get rid of this stuff that is complete
nonsense because within the second and third and fourth Century the Romans the
Roman aristocracy the CIS R the middle platonist thinkers the neop Pythagorean
thinkers they were the ones that were really pushing against pedasi whereas
the Christian authors you might find some of those some of those Augustines some of those other early Christian
authors you know acting like they're so disgusted about the uh perassi stuff but
it's like why do the church always the one that's getting in the news for doing
pasty so I don't know you guys figur that out on your own I'm just throwing that out there so I'm going to share
this little screen real quick you got Socrates talking to his beloved and he
says to him I dare say you that you may be surprised to find oh son of clinus
that I who am your first lover not have spoken for to you for many years when
the rest of the world were wearying you with their attentions and the last of your lovers who will speak to you see
this is this is this is beloved Socrates is beloved is Young alabes um you know he's one of the
students of Socrates he sitting around he's he's the young guy of the crew it's Plato it's
diogenes um cus is there tus is there there's a few other people there and uh
there's young alabes who's being trained to be the next general of the uh of the
a Athenian Army to fight the Persians to fight the Spartans and uh he's learning
philosophy because that's what the Greeks do everybody learns philosophy especially if you got money now I want
to show something else real quick and we're gonna fly through this because I
got some stuff that I want to show but Socrates says to him he says the reason was that I loved you for your own sake
whereas other men love what belongs to you and your beauty which is not you is
fading away just as your true self is beginning to Bloom and I will never desert you if you are not spoiled and
deformed by Athenian people for the danger which I most fear is that you
will become a lover of the people and will be spoiled by them many a noble Athenian has been
ruined in this way for the Deus of the great-hearted erectus is of fair
countenance but you should see him naked wherefore observe the caution which I
give you which caution practice yourself sweet friend in learning what you ought
to know before you enter on politics and then you will have an antidote which will keep you out of Harm's Way and so
they go They're you know they're having this little flirty conversation it's kind of known this is kind of known if you read the platonic dialogues that's
kind of what Socrates does he's kind of a flirty dude with all these other younger younger boys that's just hey man
I'm just calling it how I see it all right nothing you know that's just the way it was back then so another another
thing I want to show too is is um in diyes larus this is the most this this
shows up so common so often well you will you will find um you will find
these beloveds showing up in the text um for
example let's see where uh I think it's this one yes so
they're talking about the life of Lyon and it says he says here D L she is
talking about the life of Leon and he was exceedingly beloved by humanus and
adelus who made him great presence and antigonus also tried to seduce him to
his court but was also disappointed and he was so great an enemy to heronemus
the paretic that he was the only person who would not go to see him on the anniversary Festival which he used to
celebrate in which we mentioned in our life of Aros Solus and so as you can see the more you
read these ancient texts the more you read the lives of these ancient philosophers you'll see that term
beloved is very specific when it's thrown out there it means something very
specific it's the favored disciple and it's often a sexual relationship I'm not
I'm not check fact check me on this when you see that word beloved in the Greek
text it's often used for a sexual
relationship for these for that's just the way it was so Jesus has got this boy
on his lap and he calls him his beloved disciple um just I'm just telling you the I'm
just giving you the evidence you decide what you want to do with that all right um but yeah so that's
that the other thing I wanted to discuss is the projects I got coming out so I got some clips that I want to
play have a video that's about 95% done now I was going to rush it out before I
went to I'm going to Florida tomorrow when I go to Florida I'm doing Matt Beal's podcast I'm doing another round
of Danny Jones so that's coming out soon um we're gonna talk about the founding
fathers we're gon to talk about democracy we're GNA talk about the Dark Ages we're gonna talk about the Statue
of Liberty we're going to talk about the anacreontic society The Star Spangled Banner we're going to talk about about
the uh the the the roots of liberalism in the west is Christian is do we should
we credit judeo-christianity for Western values is that really a a thing or or
did what happened with Thomas Jefferson and Thomas Payne and and George Washington and all these great thinkers
and the French liberals you know the French Revolution that happened almost parallel to the American Revolution and
even English liberalism On The Rise uh even Germany even Germany was was
fighting against the status quo at the time which was the Holy Roman Empire which is the dead old bloated carcass
that everyone wanted to get rid of there was a a a a movement and what was that
movement what was going on what was behind what was the core values of that movement and it's ancient Greek ideals
ancient GRE Roman that's a good term to use because it's also Roman Roman Republic to be specific not Roman Empire
Roman Republic which is based off Greek Democratic Athenian ideals so what do we
get from those we get democracy we get constitutional republics we get the rule
of the people we get art we get tragedy we get dramas we get comedy we get
festivals every month we get the expression of the self we get philosophy
we get science we get FL fishing thinking
debate the we get we get civilization itself we get the images back paintings
sculptures all that stuff that we had people think this was like something that happened in the Renaissance that never that's never been seen before as
if Christianity was developing and and when it got to its high point in the Renaissance that gave the world all
these great things no read history what happened is those things
were already a part of the world they were already a part of the world for hundreds and hundreds of years going
back to the Iron Age going all the way to Antiquity those things were already
present you already had platonic acmis you already had great architecture with
Corinthian beautiful Corinthian columns you already had temples and you already had great musicians playing different
songs in frian mode and Di Dy Rambo mode and payen modes and you already had
festivals and you already had artistic expression and uh theaters happening and
people expressing themselves and and living life to the fullest in loving life and loving the world whereas all of
a sudden the world was something to be against and evil and the body is evil and expressing
yourself the way you desire is evil you should express yourself in the in the image of Christ and so you had this fake
Dark World that I called the Dark Ages so my Project's coming up is one of them talking to Danny Jones about this very
topic specifically about the founding fathers we're going to read a bunch of letters from the founding fathers like
Thomas Jefferson Thomas Payne all that stuff we're getting into all that stuff and then I have a debate coming up so
that's the first project the second project is I have a debate coming up and that's kind of why I haven't been putting out content I'm trying to prep
for this debate it was supposed to happen weeks ago but I got pushed back to the 22nd so I'll do that when I get back
that's a debate with what if alt his what if alt is a right-wing he calls
himself right-wing I'm not I'm not describing him that way I'm not this is not like me like talking crap he calls himself right-wing he's a right-wing
political historian I'm using that in quotes because I don't know if I'd call him a historian he tries to do history
that's for sure um and we're debating he's at 500,000 subscribers he's way
bigger than me he's got 500,000 we're going to debate about the Dark Ages is
the Dark Ages dark and I say yes they were this this idea that that's Politically Incorrect to say Dark Ages
we're going to offend Christians sorry but it was it was the Dark Ages so
that's the other project I got going on another project I got going on is Matt Beal's podcast that's three I'm also visiting Derek down there
we're gonna do some collaborations down there myth vision and then the fifth project which is going to come out
within a day or two when I get back and the reason I'm holding off on it is
because I have a few more edits that I have to do there's a few more changes that I have to make I want to make this video perfect and it's a it's a pmic
video against Dan mclen it's right now it's about two and a half hours long
that's how much content that's how much I have on refuting the stuff that Dan says I
might trim down a lot of the fat and get it down to two hours so I have some edits I want to do I want to watch it a
couple times and after I watched it a couple times I want to decide what needs to get cut and
what should stay so I'm not rushing it out there it is pretty much done with that being said I want to give you guys
a little bit of an appetite a little wet appetite on this so I want to play some of the clips um I'll pause it as we're
going and discuss some of it and uh I want to get ammon's thoughts too so without being without further Ado let's
pull up let me pull up the video here it
is 1.5 million unique words and the ancient Hebrew only has 8,000 unique
words and he was explaining to us he was showing us the differences and there was like for one word in Greek when you
translate it to Hebrew there's like three or four words just to equal that one word in Greek so there's so a couple
of things there one there's nowhere near that many Greek words there are ancient Greek you've got I think uh
275,000 is the estimate more or less of of how many ancient Greek words there are if you look at all Greek ancient
medieval and modern you've got four to 500,000 and the what's that lexicon
website where we can actually look okay so what's about to happen here he just cited oh oh actually let me continue to
play I'll pause in a second get up thesaurus lingua graa yeah okay he just cited this website right here so I was
like okay let's see what his website says this website that Dan himself cites
gives us 1.9 million words now if we if we had to be
charitable is he talking about the lamata let me see what he's talking about let's go back lexicon website
where we can actually look it up ancient Greek you've got I think uh 275,000 is the estimate more or less of
of how many ancient Greek words there are if you look at all Greek ancient medieval and modern you've got four
500,000 and what's that lexicon website where we can actually look it up show thesaurus lingu all right so if he was
if the word if the number he was looking for was the lamata then then he's not correct because first
of all he's off a little bit but even if that's what he was going for that's not what Almon said ammon's entire argument
was hinging on the expressiveness of Greek so if Alm is talking about the
expressiveness of Greek you he's talking about unique word forms which means Dan
is being either slick here or P or purposely dishonest by trying to cite
the Lata which is not it's not well basically what happens is you have Lata
which is one word um lu Luen Lu Lu L
that's all one L it's not three different words but Ammon saying the way you express luo can be expressed in 20
different ways those are 20 different words that's what he was saying he's talking about unique word forms which
means that Dan is being dishonest he's comparing app apples to oranges not
Apples to Apples so his own source that he cited is a is is um is agreeing with
Ammon real quick let me let me just um I'm going to share a different screen real quick and ammo do you have anything
you want to say about that before I yeah talk about the 8000 cuz that was Muse The Muse came up
and gave it to him on this one I love oh we're gonna she brought it out of his
mouth she brought it out of his mouth he was talking about himself it was pure bonic initiation I love it I'll be quiet
go take me another thing another thing if you notice I'm gonna go back to that clip and you're gonna hear him say it he says modern ancient and classical all of
it that was the number he gave the we he cites doesn't do that the website that he cites is only modern now this the
reason why I had this lady on the screen right now is because she is a very famous scholar philanthropist
philologist she's won a bunch of awards look she's got the gree's Order of the Phoenix award Italy's golden ascus award
San Diego's Women's Hall of Fame she's a straight up like like OG philologist
right uh you you see San Diego the reason why I'm showing her because she
says this is going to be in the video too I'll show you this when I get there she says that there's five to six
million total Greek unique word forms ancient modern classical all together so
where did Dan get that number from I have no idea I tried to find it he's
using the he's being kind of dishonest by citing the Lata and but not agre Ammon was talking
about the word forms the entire time that's dishonest or he just doesn't know which I don't think does I think he has
to know this stuff he's supposedly a linguist all right so I'm going to go back to that clip we're going to
continue with what with what we're saying and you're going to hear this it gets even worse it gets a lot worse um
let's see where did I put that video okay there it is here it
is graa yeah okay okay TG can you find uh the tlg and and is there a way you
can just search for Unique words in a certain language and it'll tell you uh you have to have an account notice how
even Danny said unique words unique words we're talking about a specific thing here okay now and I think to to do
the most robust kind of search with that oh but I think you should be able to do some pretty basic stuff okay see see
what you can find Stephen um okay anyways you can keep going and then there are um there are
79,900 like 45 words in Hebrew in the Hebrew Bible alone so 79,000 79,000 yeah
so I think he may have heard 80,000 somewhere yeah I think he may have misook 848
because there the Hebrew Bible itself which is not all of ancient Hebrew like there's there was a lot of Hebrew
writing and speaking outside the Hebrew Bible but now as you all know Dan was absolutely the opposite in this in this
on this uh who's correct here is it Dan or is it Ammon are they both half right no it's the opposite of what Dan just
said Ammon was 100% correct here uh Dan was 100% wrong here it was the exact opposite of what what Dan made the claim
turned out that it was 8,000 um but listen but it that his mistake is worse
than you think let me explain I'll play the video the Hebrew Bible itself has 880,000 different words in it he gave an
exact number 79,90 five words it's funny that the
next day after this interview went down Dan mlen posted the following post on X
he said yesterday I recorded a podcast interview which I now you're going to notice that in this clip that I have right here I I'm speeding through it
because I don't want to read the whole thing but you understand he makes the claim that he meant to say 880,000 he
this is what he says in this he meant to say something was telling me I was 880,000 but for some reason it came out
the wrong way I said 8,000 that's not what he said he gave he
didn't say there was no decimal move he gave an exact number okay that's just
listen responded to the claims related to ancient Greek and Hebrew made by DR Ammon Hilman on a previous episode ancient Greek lexic Greek from Antiquity
to today in the previous interview though Dr hel actually in a later live stream claim did not come from the
previous podcast interview it's on the claim that the ancient Hebrew had 8,000 words that I made an embarrassing
mistake somehow I got it in my head that the Hebrew Bible had 880,000 distinct
words in it but that's widely inaccurate he never says
80,000 he gives an exact amount by the way he knew this I'll talk
about this in the video this won't be in this clip but I'm gonna tell you right now he knew this question was coming for weeks why he didn't prepare or check I
don't know but the thing that's worse to me is not that he made a mistake I don't care about people making mistakes and
then correcting themselves that's a plaus that's pla you I applaud that kind of behavior hey I was wrong d uh almma
was right so why am I even pushing this putting this in his face I'm not putting this in his face that he's wrong I'm
actually discrediting him as being dishonest here because he gave an exact number and then tried to make it seem
like it was a it was a decimal error and I knew the right thing but I just for some reason it came out wrong he he I'm
calling him a liar let's let's let's be blunt here I think he's lying about this
why do I think he's lying because CU he did this to me before when we had it when we had a back and forth on X one
time and he called and I called him out for being for not understanding middle platonism and not understanding like
monism or platonism at all and not understanding like the Creator gods and demiurges of the time period of Paul
were what that was the popular thing of the time period to have one God who's in control of the cosmos whether there's
creation ex niilo does not matter there was one God who was in who was in control who was the mind of the universe
that noose that's an idea that goes back to Plato that's an idea that's that's developed by the stoics and the middle
platonist by the time Paul comes around that's status quo he tried to tell me that I don't know my sources he will get
he threw five books in my face and this is what he does here he'll he'll site sources like he knows what he's doing
then I checked those sources and it turned out that they agreed with what I was saying that he's the one who didn't actually know the sources and then so
what does he do did he actually come along and say hey you know what Neil you're were right I'm going to change my
ideas now I'm going to go you know this is this was a good back and forth exchange you're correct I'm wrong sorry
nope he pretends doesn't even happen he just acts like it never even happened so this is why when this came along when I
noticed this happened and he tried to make it seem like it was he said 880,000 or he said 8,000 but meant 880,000
no you said 79,000 you gave an exact number to the
decimal that's a lie you you cannot get out of this anyways let's
continue that's full of [__] my man you did not say 80,000 you said
79,90 and then there are um there are 79,900 like 45 words in Hebrew in the
Hebrew Bible alone so 79,000 think about this for a second use your let's let's think about this use
your head for a second simple IQ here he gave a number of
79,90 which means he purposely gave five decimals with 799 with 79 he didn't say
there's 880,000 and then go oh whoa I meant 8,000 I was off by a decimal which is what he claims in his expost that's
not what happened that is pure dishonesty on his part 100% if you can't
see that I don't know what to tell you 9,000 yeah so I think he may have heard 80,000 some
he said eight yeah I think he may have mistook 80 for actually you're the one that mistook 8 for
80 an exact number go ahead he's looking into the mirror right saying he mistook
he mistook no I knew what it was you're the one who's undergoing the initiation
oh I love it it's gorgeous P Watch How I zoom into his face when he says that ,000 79,000 yeah so I think he may have
heard 80,000 somewhere he said eight yeah I think he may have mistook 848
because they're look at that smug look you're the one that mistook it and and it's not even I'm not even giving the
benefit of the doubt of mistaking it now because you could have just came on X and said you know what I'm wrong I
didn't I didn't even realize how how much more ammon's correct here the Greek is a lot more expressive there's a lot
more words there's a lot more forms and uh Hebrew actually has a lot less words than I thought I thought it was 80,000 I
thought it was 79,000 turned out to be 8,000 but instead he he had to pretend that he still has control that he still
knows what he's doing he had to create an illusion that I was correct and I knew it the whole time but I just made a
little error that to me is dishonesty that's worse than being wrong being being wrong is not a big deal I don't
care I I'm wrong about [__] all the time it's about oh hey [__] I was proven
wrong cool I learned something today but no you couldn't even you couldn't even humble yourself you're that proud in
your PhD that you couldn't be wrong you had to be correct still you couldn't just admit that you were wrong anyways
that that pissed me off that's why I'm showing this today there's more though and this is going to be a two and a half
hour video I'm G to trim it down right now I'm at two and a half hours this is the whole video is like this you gave an
exact number this is not getting a decimal wrong this is is claiming
something finding out that you're wrong and then trying to backpedal and say no
I knew it the whole time 45 words in Hebrew in the Hebrew Bible alone but you
made a claim and your honesty is on the line now this is dis you see Greek in
the synagogues no theoa is what this guy
job has and I want you to see that this is that sabba internal concept cep of
Theo or Sab the synagogue inscriptions where somebody and and god-fearer was a
title that was used in the helenistic Jewish World to refer to somebody who was a Greek or a Roman was not Jewish
but supported the Jewish community so it was like he's a friend of the Jews he's a god-fearer that's not the only time
that word is used that word is used way before the septu agent or Hebrew Bible
even existed for pretty much anyone who religious in any way they could that was
used in the helenistic Jewish World to refer to somebody who was a Greek or Roman was not Jewish but supported the
Jewish community and maybe some new testament who has never came AC that and that and it only means that and sorry
about that I was trying to skip ahead that it's not important you'll see these parts when I when I drop the video by
the way this is blurry because I did a screen recording just so I can have it easily for this video certain context
even here I would admit that's what it means but I'm just want people to realize he's making a claim a broad
Claim about a definition of a word with a very narrow scope on where the word comes from here's Herodotus in the mid
fth century BCE using that exact word a
[Music] kaios
deakin epin or perhaps he heard that risus was
Pious and put him at top of the fire to find out if this um and so you have like uh ferary inscriptions uh where on
somebody's headstone that says this is Dave godfear so that was that just meant he was a friend of the Jewish
people now the big thing that I'm going to drill home here and which I do and I have some more edits that I have to do
here he he's talking about the passage Alan made a claim that this word has a
meaning in Greek and it has an atmology this word Theos and
sabase Dan tried to say that Almon was wrong about this atmology and he wasn't
Ammon is actually correct that this word when you look up the history of the word it's it usually just means Pious
devotion religious that word sabba is where you get the word Augustus from in Latin the Greek version of sa of of uh
Augustus is sasto so the AUST the August one the revered one that's what this
word means now watch what Dan tries to say say about this word he only looks at it through his judeo-christian scope
because he only knows the Hebrew Bible and nothing else he has no training in Classics at all you can just tell watch
the base actually no if you found if you find a random Tombstone of a guy named Dave who was let me just repeat Let me
just repeat what he says right here this is important to find out if this um and so
you have like uh funerary inscriptions uh where on somebody's headstone it says this is Dave godfear so that that just
meant he was a friend of the Jewish people actually no if you found if you find a random Tombstone of a guy named
Dave who was a god-fearer you can't just conclude that he's a friend of the Jews he could have been a god-fearer of
another God You' have to find out is this in a Jewish cemetery is this a Christian Cemetery you have to find out
the cont this synagogue was built thanks to the help of so and so thees godfear
so that's with Jews or Christians by the way I found an example of a synagogue in
Greece built by god-fearers who worshiped Theos or uh uh Theos
hipos God most high for a long time they thought it was this Jewish synagog
helenistic Jewish synagogue it turns out that recently Scholars and archaeologists have said we don't we
this might not even be Jewish that it it might just be a hipy serian Greek monist
synagogue because there are syn OG in the Greek world that doesn't necessarily have to be Jewish and so the idea that
you would find a tombstone in somewhere laying anywhere Greece whatever and this the tombstone of of godfear worshiping
God most high it does not necessarily mean he's a friend of the Jews I have I have examples of that that I'm going to
show in the video AOC edus
FAS there's that word Theos in the female genitive form and it means means
if they say that Athens is most devout towards the gods once again Devotion to
the gods having nothing to do with Jews or Christians or friendly to the Jews
once again in Plato's credis he uses the same word
aathu aus Genai through the mouth of Socrates which is a person who is good
and Pious becomes impious false the sacred Jew
here's another example from aristophanes's Birds the usan epan it is imperative
that I sing another sacred chant for the by the way there's that word usan again too so there's a it's dionan to the core
this word has dionan roots it's about it's about Devotion to the gods and being inspired by theia it's sabba it's
Sab baby and it is bakas you don't understand this is got It's Got bakic
Roots to it you're ABS Main Line bakic This
is this is what my mind about this video because he's so in a different world
than you that what what you're saying went right over his head as if I've never heard that before so it must be
wrong they just assume you're wrong because they never heard that before because in Bible scholarship land they
don't look at Theo Sease in its original content text that you find in Plato Aristophanes uh what else did I cite
here um uh uh uh yeah Sophocles Aristophanes Plato Herodotus I I keep
going too I give a whole bunch of examples and it's it's the wor it's the frenzy di worship of a god it's being
inspired by God through this Mania that's the context that it's used in that word usan right next to it the holy
ones the the sabba Sab zos that's what the word comes from yeah you get sbes
you get from there it's all there so let's continue can I just ask before you continue which is lovely I love this um
did you doubt me along the way when I was saying this it may have sounded crazy I did at first absolutely right
back when we did this live stream I had no idea what you were talking about I just didn't know I just had no clue and
then I it's it's not you're not wrong the word does mean the word in its
context in these ancient Greek sources does mean what you're saying it means means it's just that they're seeing it
in this judeo-christian context where in the book of Acts admittedly and I say
this in the video in the book of Acts they use that word godfear for the ones that are for the for the Gentiles that
are worshiping that are godfear that are worshiping that are worshiping Jewish god so that does happen it does become
that word it can be defined that way but it's not originally did not originally mean that right that's the that's that's
what you were saying too so I'm just you know that's why that's why I made this video I'm trying to show people this
anyways let's continue light of the lustral water that I invoke the sacred
chant the word sacred is used as thease so you don't need God-fearing you
don't need Yahweh you don't need Judaism cedia the word right here is
oos PES me
but all reverently there's the word reverence responded with a loud voice
the notion that this Hebrew didn't pre-exist that title that this is a translation from uh that title is is
nonsensical damn he just tried to make it seem like that this word does not predate the
Hebrew that's wrong as I just showed that's objectively wrong that's not even
like what you just said is not even a matter of opinion it's just wrong what you just just said so okay though and so
so it's it's that's one word in Greek right right and then so if I say it's a compound word though because it's Theos
and uh and the verb for fear so two of them being put together in one word because it's
Theos and and the verb for fear saase is an adjective like
aase doesn't even so this right here made me realize he's not familiar with this word he's not reading Greek sources
this is as I just demonstrated I just gave you five different sources where this word is used If he if he even ran
into this one time he would never he would not have said that's a verb for fear it's not a verb for fear it's being
translated as godfear because that's what we call it today but that if you wanted to break it down etymologically
it's not a verb for fear but I break it down right here he what he just said demonstrates that he's has zero
knowledge of the classics because this is a ve as Aman pointed out a year ago this is a very important technical
religious term Theo saase it's everywhere in the ancient classic sources I just gave you a whole plethora
of of of of uh examples this is a very common and very important word with for
studying ancient religion for to not know this is like calling yourself an expert in Marvel Comics and not knowing
like not knowing like who Jane who uh Peter Parker dates Jane whatever her
name is like it's like basic [__] that everyone knows and you're just like huh oh it's the verb for fear I think God
fearing oh it must be the verb for fear then duh no you didn't check and you
don't know the sources sorry but you're wrong and this is objectively wrong anyways I explain it right here impas
and Phobos is a noun which is fear so fos saase can become God-fearing by
definition but it doesn't break down in the way he just said God and seas Theos
being God and Sease being the verb for fear that's like saying Augustus which
in Latin which in Greek means sebastes that's like saying Augustus is the feared one or the fearful one it's not
what it means like that's not the verb for fear it's not even a verb anyway it's an adjective that is not correct
you would not pass an exam if you wrote that down for the definition that is not correct sebum menos is a worshipper and
a fobu menos is a fearer those are middle passive participles fobi is to be
scared and Afraid Mi because it means life or death for a lot of people around
the world and when you're holding up the two here's okay this is the last part that I'm going to show you because the
rest of the video is about this topic right here two pillars of Christianity
is special and unique and has no influence from any Greek mythology or
philosophical Pagan stuff and uh the Old Testament is this ancient Bronze Age text that goes back all the way to
samarians when you tell people that stuff you make them think that this book is
magic so the rest the the the the majority of the two two and a half hour
video is about the the idea like I'm talk so first of all I've this I've actually the
reason why it's has taken so long because I had the interview with um Jonathan Adler so I'm going to feature him in the video a little bit on some
parts about the dating the Old Testament dating the Torah when is the Torah being oberved all that stuff we touch on that
we also I also had a discussion with a an anthropologist who is a current professor over in Italy about dying and
Rising gods and James Frasier everything that Dan mclen says about dying and Rising gods and James Fraser she says
the exact opposite so what we got one who's a current current Professor who wrote her dissertation on James Frasier
and dying and Rising Gods current Professor anthropology classic studies
so she's it's her field she's dominating she's the authority not him and then on the other side you have a guy who
doesn't know Classics who's not a current Professor who only studies judeo-christianity and he's a Christian
and he's got a he's got a dog to fight in this thing um so just saying he's got he's got some I don't I don't I never
let my bias get in the way oh that's odd that you're not a trinity you don't believe in the Trinity and uh Mormons
are are unitarians and um what else uh you think Moses was around in the 700s
BC because you got the book of nii and Lehi and theyve write about Moses just
happens to be certain things that line up with there just putting it out there all I'm saying is this one one expert
who studies dying and Rising Gods who's written dissertations on an Nana dying
for three days and resurrecting which was celebrated at the Spring Equinox during the akitu festival uh then you
have ball who she says when ball Rises the word they use a verb to stand in
Greek the resurrection is the verb to stand it's the same thing it's just a
different language but using the same verb to stand she points that out very very very slickly um and then dianis who
she says is the most ex obvious example most obvious example of a God who dies
and resurrects and not only does he die and resurrect that his his worship his his devotion like the the thing that
makes dionis special is the fact that he is a he's a he's the god of Resurrection
like that's what he's like main he's the it for example at delie you have the
dely it's the Temple of Apollo where the muses are but on the bottom of the mountain you have a have a tomb and the
tomb is for Dian Isis Dian Isis is dead because dianis is the resurrection
that's what he was was known for for Jesus to come along and be a a god of Resurrection you are directly in
competition with the cult of dianis 100 per. and so the the whole chunk of this
video is sh D when Dan when Dan gets when when they talk about hararia the look on Dan's face it's like he's never
heard of it this is the first time he's ever heard of the Hilaria how do you not know about the hararia and you call
yourself a scholar of religion every main textbook about Roman religion
whether it be Mary beard whether it be um what else do I got here
uh a ancient Greek uh religion uh let's
see um all the source books all the good source books here we go Greek religion
that's in here uh the ancient Mysteries ancient Mysteries um what else
do I got I wish I had more I wish I was more prepared to show anyways here's a
big one Mary Beard's Roman religion um basically any Source book
that you can think of that's not it any Roman religion
Source book that you could think of is going to have at least a chapter if not multiple chapters on the Hilaria and how
how important it was during the march Equinox for the Romans and it's initiated in the in the early 1 Century
during the reign of Claudius so after the reign of Claudius you have a resurrection Festival in Rome
during the same week that Jesus resurrects now notice how I didn't make
any arguments I didn't say one's copying the other all I'm doing is giving you a
fact there's a fact hararia was celebrated by the Romans during the week
of the Spring Equinox March 22nd to 25th that's a fact notice how I don't even
say and all I have to do is say that and you start getting through you start getting push back no that's pyge no
that's mythicism I didn't even say anything I didn't even say Christians copied it but that's their knee-jerk
reaction because they it's like they have to defend it for some reason there's a there's an emotional response
to this topic and the reason why you know he has this emotional response to this topic is how often he talks about
this subject once a week at least he's doing a new video about Zeitgeist about
some random Ralph Ellis or whoever I don't even know these people half the time he he he he's he's rebutting videos
from like 10 years ago about people who compare Krishna and Jesus that nobody
even pays attention to so it's like the main thing that he studies and and and uh is focused on is this random topic
that I think is like totally meaningless any thoughts on that I have one more thing that I want to show any
thoughts on that ah I'm getting so full of yummy yummy
Dan oh this is the best barbecue of any human soul I've ever had
because um look at how in your face with the reasoning you I love that
79,900 what was it 45 um yeah breaking breaking off that
BS uh uh is you can't do anything that's Hercule man beautiful job beautiful job
let let's finish you the clips all right so the last thing that I
wanted to show you was I think I have it here pretty
sure I have here it is okay so I'm gonna this is the last thing all right let me
just pull this image up and I'll tell you when I'm going to share my screen okay and this is going to be in the
video too I just didn't bring the clip but it's G it's in the video he posted this recently and we were all
talking about how this happened okay we all enjoyed this it was a great great I thought it was awesome shout outs to the
Olympics because they did a great job with this uh opening ceremony that's very Dian it's very Greek it's very
Olympic they did a great job I give him an A+ I enjoyed it and it had nothing to
do with the it had nothing to do with Jesus in The Last Supper because the last supper was using the same imagery
that the Renaissance painters used for the the Symposium of Dian Isis and Apollo so anyways it's easy it's funny
how Christians will will mix this up so somebody made this post now I'm just gonna say off the bat that I don't agree
with all this I think this push this person's pushing them pushing the limit especially when they use the word
plagiarize don't use that word plagiarize is a specific thing when you actually take words and copy and paste
them inspired by just use the word inspired by or competing with or ping
sometimes they flip things sometimes things are the opposite but that's still inspired by right so you don't use the
word plagiarize trying whoever made this I'm trying to help you out all right he says diis had Divine father and mother
was sacrificed died and resurrected that's true that's true so
far we're good lne symbolizes his blood that's also true and I show the sources for this by the way everything in here
everything in here I'm going to show every primary source for it all of ite dating Christianity was a traveling
teacher who performed Miracles so is everyone else I don't I don't think anyone really cares about that part
turned water into wine at a wedding that is also true that's from a third Century BC Source it's also from py the younger
it's also in panus which is contemporary with the gospels so he doesn't know the gospels so anyways anyways we have we
have sources for that was associated with a purple cloak that's true he wore a Pur he wears a purple cloak in the in
the um in the homeric C to dionis the first thing it says is dianis appeared at the shore beautiful was his hair
locks uh he's wearing an ivy diadem and a purple cloak so the person says he has
a crown of thorns that's not true because the crown of thorns represents death Dian Isis represents life Jesus is
the god of death he wears the crown of thorns he's going to his grave he's going to the Cross Dion Isis wears a
crown of Ivy that's full of swelling fruits and Beres and a pine cone so that
there you have a pic going on there Dian Isis so there might be something going on with them putting on a crown of
thorns on Jesus's head as his own image because Apollo wears a crown Aphrodite
wears a crown D all the Sons and Daughters of gods have their own IM specific Crown so Jesus wearing a crown
of thorns could be his own specific thing that they're doing because he's a guy that's about to die that's I that's
as far as I would go I would never say that Dian Isis and Jesus had the same Crown don't do that was said to be twice
born or born again that's true was a born of a virgin on December 25th and was called the holy child this is
actually kind of true but the sources for this are after the gospels but I do
talk about how it's not as black and there's there's some nuances here this is mentioned in uh macrobius saturnalia
that that bakus and Apollo are born born on the winter solstice and uh epiphanius does say that
ion or duus were born of the Corey that's pany
at December 25th called the holy child so there is some sort of nuance going on there but he the way he argued is
incorrect god of the vine Jesus Is God of the vine that's also true had 12
disciples that why why who cares about 12 discip he doesn't he has saturs and
mads but it doesn't say 12 okay now did he ride Triumph On A procession of donkey yes he does in the
story of um the frogs by Aristophanes he rides into de Athens on a donkey and
then he goes down into Hades performs the katabasis raises Asus from the dead
and comes back from Hades triumphantly and does the anabasis so he it's a dying it's a it's a descent and return story
and you have a donkey riding into the city scene and there's dozens and dozens and dozens and dozens
of pottery showing the scene of dianis riding on a donkey this Pottery would
have been in circulation in Judea during the time of Zechariah Zechariah might have saw this
and used this I'm just saying I'm not saying that's we could prove that but I think it's plausible now what does Dan
say about this Dan the expert right he's the expert on this stuff he's going to be
the judge right he's going to be the he he says I'm the referee here I'm going to be calling balls and Strikes he says
as far as I know now I'm glad he starts to say this now because he used to not say this he used to say there is no
sources as if he read every single text in the world and knew this but I've been calling him out on this lately and I
think I'm part of the reason why he says as far as I know because now he can say
well it's only I only said as far as I know but let's see what he says I'm glad by the way that's what you're supposed to say as far as I know is what you're
supposed to say because nobody knows everything you can always be proven wrong right he says the only things on
this list that are true are that dionis had a Divine father and Mortal mother that has performed Miracles and that he
was the god of Vine god of the vine what are you kidding me so he Dam mlen
doesn't even know that Dian Isis has a resurrection story are you that's mindblowing and he
going around talking about dying and Rising gods don't exist not even knowing that Dian Isis is the prime example of a
God who dies and resurrects has no idea just never never read that text he's got
it took him 15 years to get his PhD as he says never F never once came across the attack of Dian Isis and and being
torn apart by the by the Titans and then coming back triumphantly by the way can I just say
anybody who knows anything about the Cult of the mystery knows that dionis
provides for us that prototypic journey into Hades and
retrieval again and funny thing was in the ceremony that they talk about with
dianis it's always related that over the grave of the person who showed him the
entryway to hell he plants a dildo and he uses the dildo on
himself yeah it's um when people talk about Osiris don't be surprised you know
what I mean but this is the mystal so the fact that Dan can't recognize this is just it's for the reason that that
you know he hasn't stepped outside his own theologians he's not you know it's
like you said he's not well-versed I mean yummy this is yummy isn't it but he's not well versed man so let's so
let's go over what he doesn't know and what what we can prove right now that Dan mlen doesn't know about right so
let's let me pull up this uh let me pull up that list again um uh okay I'm gonna
get to this in a second but first let me go back to this list so he says the only thing that's true here is that he's a
Divine father and Mortal mother and that he performed Miracles and that he's a god of the vine Divine father mortal
mother so he doesn't even say anything about his wine being his the blood of bakus being symbolized by wine in the
linian Mysteries that's all over the sources even even Clement of Alexandria
right uh specifically talks about that it doesn't he doesn't know about him being sacrificed as The Bull dying and
resurrected he's the bow that's and there's there's actually texts about being washed in the blood of the bow and
the bull is marked as sabazius is that word sabba again it all comes full circle right that's so I show that too
he doesn't know that um he had a triumphant procession he doesn't know that he wore purple which is very so he
doesn't so he doesn't even know the basics the basics for to know dianis you have to at least know the um the hym to
dianis or the homeric him to dianis where it introduces him wearing an ivy
crown and having a purple cloak that's what it does but here's the big one that I want to point out he he mentions oh if
anyone could find anything else make sure you find the story and it has to predate the it has to predate the whole
story of Jesus's mystery uh Ministry what all right this is from so these are
these orphic tablets that are floating around all over the Mediterranean they date between some the or the oldest ones
go back to like 500 600 BC maybe 500 BC and then they start and then all the way
up to the 400s BC they're everywhere they look like this they're golden tablets and they're Greek they find
these these even exist in Israel you they even found these in Israel that's how far that's they're all over the
Mediterranean and they they're called orphic tablets they usually have they're usually buried with the dead and it's
messages into Hades on how to get through Hades and how to get reincarnated the right way one of them
so one of them reads this this is a translation from rewig 1998 and it says
on the one side it says uh but in front of you will the cold water flowing forth
from the lake of memory Guardians pass above they will surely ask you with their crowded thought thoughts for what
reason do you seek darkness of dank Hades and you say I am the child of Earth and star arinos Gaia and uranos
and when you say that it tells them that you're part of the musty the mystery
you're part you're an initiate and you're a bakco okay so to in order to be
resurrected in order to take part in the resurrection you have to drink the co
the Kon it says it right there they will give you the drink of Lake of memory when you drink you will travel a road the sacred road which other famous
initiates musty say root of the word mystery mystery of Christ all that and
you're a bakco so to take part in in in eternal life you have to know this check
this out the other side says this it's dedicated to dianis the
releaser and it's cut in the shape of ivy leaves dionis lucios and it says now
you died and now you were born Thrice blessed one on this day that's about
dionisis he's the Thrice blessed one tell feris phona the bakik one himself
has released you a bowl there's the sacrifice so right here we just knocked
off two of Dan's that he didn't know that he's a sacrifice and that he resurrects he has a resurrection the bo
as a bow you leaped into milk that's the image of the sacrifice suddenly you
leaped into the milk a ram you fell into the milk you shall have wine as your
blessed honor there's the wine as representing bakus and ritual celebrations await you under the Earth
and all other blessed ones too now this is clear any classist will know this
that dianis is all about resurrection diodorus of Sicily tells us stories about the resurrection of dionis as a
child being torn apart this is predates Christianity by decades but being torn
apart as a child and then coming back to life as a moral as a son of a mortal
semile seily is his second birth prapan is his first birth he has two mothers
that's a resurrection so you can there's no way around that you just he just does not
know what he's doing and I think if he if he want if he was smart he would stick to the Hebrew Bible stick to what
you're good at and leave Classics the hell alone because you're just embarrassing yourself and I'm not this
is just a this is just one% what I got coming out this is just a touch coming
out oh God oh God that was so satisfying I don't know if it was your intention to
take me to that climax but that was absolutely fantastic I don't know about
the satanic congregation but okay this time type of feeding is something that
you vampires have got to have right you've just got to have this look at it
oh God it's it's so elegant right and it's just I got I got something I got
something to say about that if you don't get if you if when you hear uh a so-called
academic say something about a topic that you're that you're deeply
interested in something that you study on your own I don't know maybe you're a fan of Plutarch let's say you're you
love plutarch's lives and you've read the life of Anthony you've read the life of Demetrius you've read the life of
ligus and Solon and you love these lies that plutar writes and then some some
fresh PhD comes out they just got their PHD a couple years ago right and then you hear him speaking on this subject
and you go oh cool an expert about talking about the subject that I love let's hear what they say if something
they say doesn't piss you off then you don't have
nosis it should you should be able to you should be able to hear something
that someone else is saying and it should piss you off if you disagree with
it it's a it's a code of honor it's a code of honor and Heracles
had it and classical philologists have it and they can hear when something is
off off and you are not representing those sources Faithfully
so yeah I love that I I absolutely love it um what a meal what a delicious meal
what I would like to know is um if you're gonna say anything about dionis
and you don't understand that it was the
aana that preserved that heart of dionis
when he was sacrificed if you don't understand that bra you got no ears to
hear that was going on way way long time ago and that visit to the Underworld the
very fact I mean we have a the Greeks had a name right they had a name for the
process of you getting high and going to the
underworld and coming back and odys who was looking for the poison arrow or the
arrow poison the beginning um he is the one who takes the trip and it's that
woman Cersei who scares us all who turns she puts drugs in food she puts drugs in
food and she causes men to turn into pigs she's the one who shows adicus and people don't know it but she goes back
she finds odyusa he goes home and she tries to sleep with his son so what
happens she kills Odus and brings him back to
life right she goes through the very same process they call it the
NECA right the necromantic Oracle it's when you can project to the other side
and be brought back right this is important because some people will try to distinguish between dying and
resurrected and then a hero descending into Hades and returning to me that's not a that's that's a very minor detail
to worry about what matters more is The Descent and the return which is what Christ was doing in his three days in
Hades he was performing this katabasis and and the anabasis now hararia is one
of the big topics of this video that's about to come out because Dan has no idea about the Hilaria he's like he's never heard of it the he makes this
weird face when Danny shows him the the the Hilaria he goes this was the halia
they celebrated in Rome from from uh March 22nd and on the March 25th they had a day of rejoicing uh oh no I'm
sorry March 25th was the day of blood and the day of burial and they Buri the
pine tree and on the 28th and the third day or the 27th I think it was on the third day is the day of rejoicing and
Dan goes he makes his face he goes that can't be right and by the way and I
noticed and I played it back and I go I'm watching this and I'm playing it back when did Danny even make an
argument that Christianity was borrowing from the he never did it ever got brought up Dan mlen assumed because
Danny was bringing up this Festival the F and it's it's fascinating the first
thing you thought about was Easter Easter Easter he didn't even say Easter
he never even brought up Easter all he all Danny this is so fascinating it's so
perfect actually it's a perfect case study on Bible scholars that ATT Easter
Danny that doesn't even say anything about Easter all he did was go here's the hararia this is what they did on
this festival and Danny goes I've never heard that before that's that's that's complete mythicist nonsense the idea
this was all and he Danny never even said anything about mythicism he never
even brought it up yeah what does that tell you yeah tells you two things number one he's never heard of Hilaria
before number two it it it bothered him to know that there was a festival that
has another resurrection and it predates Christianity yeah and so by the last thing I want to
say too guess what the name of the Greek version of the hararia was in Fria when
they they they imported this rights from friia in 204 BCE we don't know what what
happened between 204 BCE and I make this clear in my video by the time they get
it in 204 BC we don't know what what was going on we think it was the um we think
it was in early April and not in late March and the the reign of in the reign
of um not Kula in the reign of uh I just said it too um uh who's
after in the reign of Claudius in the 40s 40s ad in the reign of Claudius they
shift it and they turn it into the Hilaria so that's when you get and this is before the gospels this is during
Paul was alive during this time period it's it's weird it's right after Jesus dies weird it's very eerie that they had
this Festival imported in Rome and they end up shifting it the dates at first it was in the first week of uh April
because id id mentions the Festival of Ky but it's the first week of April and
he doesn't mention any resurrection of Addis the first time you start getting sources about the resurrection of Addis
is Claudius and claudius's family was called the at Tides so they had this big
deep Devotion to Addis that's why they did this now the question I wanted to ask you guess what the name of the Greek
version of the hararia was called when it was when it was over in friia between
204 and in the helenistic period let's say do you want to
know okay okay no that wasn't what I was gonna say but yeah the
cabia it's literally called The Descent Festival so that's how it literally
proves that this was about a descent and a return so people who say oh we don't
even know that there was a resurrection involved that early on that might have been a first centur thing second century
thing well why is it called the the kabia then why would they name it that
yeah I think the name alone tells us a lot that name speaks volumes does it
makes no it's a absolutely perfect Point straight on and it's right in the language you can't deny it because
you've got the language reflecting it so it's not like you can say like Dan usually does and say well that's
different for the you know um there's two different worlds that we can treat here Pagan and Christan no no look at
what the language is showing us right it's naming that right gorgeous now do you understand why
uh Julian was saying you cannot let Christians teach Classics you can't let
them do that um he Associated the teaching of Classics and it's corruption
by Christianity and he considered that the reason for the fall right that was he
was trying to fight that the very thing that you're doing with Dan ducktail Dan
um that's amazing that's amazing G glorious job brother nice
job another cult that Dan doesn't have any clue about because he's made he's made claims in the past that myth Russ
Solen victus are two different two different Cults they're not the same cult that they're actually the same it's
actually the same cult uh spoiler alert Mythos and by the way there are depictions of a Mythos and soulen victus
as two different characters on the same Mosaic but that's actually more rare than it is to find one character of a b
slaying God where it literally says Mithra soul and victus as one name that's the more common so it's more
common than not I would say nine to one not 7 to3 not 6 to4 9 to one you find my
soulen victus as one God and then a very on a rare few of occasions you'll see an
image of mithos and it looks like a twin soul inv victus and they're both standing there so it's like but it's
still the same cult it's still the Roman Imperial cult so you can't separate those two um anyways that's another part
of the video um I noticed let me ask you a question religion he has no knowledge
of Roman religion let me ask you a question I noticed you used the orphic plates and those are you know they're
really thin but they like you say they put them with the dead bodies and they're very good
instructions the instructions are the cult secret right the cult secret you're
about it it's like Christ where you're you're crying out to Christ for help for Resurrection they're crying out to dianis for Resurrection dianis is the
res it doesn't say Zeus it doesn't say Addis it doesn't say KY it doesn't say
or oros it's a diis dead help me yeah think think about how important that is
yeah you're going the thing that I found so beautiful the first time I read that
was the fact that you're going you don't stop at Ley like everybody else does
everybody else stops at Lethy and drinks and you know what happens Lethy is
forgetfulness that's why you don't remember your last life you keep going and there is a phrase they say you'll
come to these G and there is a phrase that you have to utter right those magical phrases that
Jesus and the Magi are so well known for are coming from this death and
Resurrection mystery that the orics are performing and I I don't want to say
orix because it focuses on just orfus orus was just the fraking musician poet
who works with media she's the one who starts the right he's the one who takes
up the Poetry from it so yeah okay but I do want to say I do want to say when you
get into that level where you're in the right and they're performing the right
and you get technical terminology just like the catabasis that you just brought
up you have to realize this is the terminology that's being used by the cult right so when you come across
like sa sa sabba by the way deines in the fifth century or fourth Century BC
what does he say in one of his speeches he talks about the cult of dianis and what does he say they chant iwa saah iwa
sabba that's a dionan word it's talking sabba that's right there it mean it's
it's like venerate venerate venerate yeah you know what I mean yeah that's and that's essentially what that verb
means I've seen that verb a lot and essentially it means to reverence it
means to put yourself into that position of reverence reverential awe you're in
that it's like Divine Mania yeah you're August right oh there's
that Holy Spirit Christianity it's the same thing holy that's what they're doing
they're they're that's why I made this I made the point where it's like is Christianity a mystery religion well
if we want to classify it that way fine yeah the reason why I'm saying and I say fine because I don't I think it's an
arbitrary thing to even have that category because they're all all religions are sort of mystery religions
in a way they all have some form of initiation they all have some some of drink some form of ritual um immersion
in some water some sort of baptism some sort of um holy Secrets some sort of
like text right they're they all have those those factors so mystery religion Secret religion they're all they're all
that way so Christian you forgot you forgot the dildos they've got
and you forgot the penis shaped cups the juvenile talks about all the Baptists
carry around you forgot the drugs you forgot the Chings you forgot all of
that stuffy that's the inner mystery yeah that's for those who have ears to
hear that's where you get the bits the bits in the fights those are the inner Mysteries yeah the outer Mysteries is is
uh is Catholicism and uh Orthodoxy that's the outer mystery that's just go
twice a year to church and get your community go home because you don't have ears to hear you don't you don't have it
I've got a question for you I've got a question for you if you're Jesus and like Paul you've picked out your 12 boys
and you're doing your christing thing and you're pushing The Thorn In the Flesh you're getting to that place where
you're entering into the mystery with those boys do you do what he reportedly did
with Mary when he s when he pleasured himself and then offered to her his
semen and said eat this or Die Do you think that the same thing if he's
feeding here's my question now if Jesus will feed Mary his seman would he have
fed his young students is seing too oh I
thought if if we if if we were to go back in time and and join a borite elesia and see what they're doing down
in those catacombs down deep in the cavern somewhere where the sun don't shine oh hell yeah they're doing that
[__] this is this is that and that and we're talking what's so crazy people say that's a late fourth Century Source yeah
but did you read it he's talking about he's talking about a group from the first century yeah that's what he says
yeah that's what he says and the greater questions of Mary was a first century document according to like you know
according to what they're talking about so it's like even though the the source is late we don't have it that's we have
to go through the source and it's like what you mentioned before about um Julian saying that we should not let the
Christians teach the classics why because they're full of [__] Justin Martyr Justin Martyr is
trying to make the claim that the the the the mythus of mysteries of Mythos is
copying Christ Christianity with their with their Eucharist and that mercury is called a logos because he's copying
Jesus when we know objectively we can find Greek sources from The Classical
period about Mercury about Hermes being called the logos and about we can find sources from the melanistic era about
mithus giving or zoraster giving his Eucharist in honor of mithus that's in
Plutarch by the way you also have uus but this is before Juliet so this is
probably what Julian was talking about youus in the early around 4 325 ad
somewhere like somewhere around this time he writes a book called the preparation of the Gospel what does he
say in this book well in this book he does a lot of classic teaching he says Plato was inspired by Moses he says that
orus was the son of Moses he says all this wild [__] that has no basis on it
and so Julian comes along two or three decades later and he's this is the world that he's in he's seeing people like Yus
interpolating Josephus uh forging documents making up stories about Plato being inspired by
Moses what is going and so I don't blame Julian they were they were doing some straight up [__] that would get you
fired from a university if it would happened today there's no way usus would be would be a professor today he'd be
fired first day for doing all the forgery [__] and the problem is they
didn't and this will feed right into your Dark Ages they didn't just mess up
classical civilization with respect to its cult they' messed up the
science right it's not just that you don't want them telling history because anybody who's a member of a cult let me
just explain anybody who's a member of a cult is not going to give you a straight story they're going to give you a bent
story right the people who go into the Bic worship come out of it saying I'm born
again why because they saw things right right that is the B of the
initiate anybody who's been into Christianity has a bent and Julian
recognized it and said it's an anti-classical bent it's going to take our stuff and it's going to destroy it
and sure enough it did it did and you get Dark Ages Of Crap Art and crap
literature it's not even literature yeah disappears The Stage disappears people
say oh there's this type of play yeah when you got was some dorks that walk
along a path do some clownery that's not the same thing they had all these God
Greek sources there's all these different modes of music all these different ways to play the harp and the
drums and they explain it there's the frian mode there's the Dorian mode there's the DIY rambos there's the pen
there's all these different different Triumph tunes that you can play they have all these different great music
music is is blowing up right you have all these famous poets you have pindar you have Homer you have asilis you have
Sophocles and they're doing comedy they're doing tragedy they're doing satire they're doing all these great
stuff uh um and the world was very colorful and the architecture looks
great cool Doric columns Corinthian columns temples dedicated to goddesses that look beautiful and everyone can go
there and have a good time and enjoy the festival drink wine and have a everybody's living in this polus and
civilization is kicking and then all of a sudden and by the way and this is the last and this is the other aspect of it
you have Aristotle's philosophy which is updated on Plato's philosophy which is updated on uh uh Socrates which is
updated on you know antines and phes and parites and uh heraclitus and there's a
big line of thinking it's all updating itself updating itself updating itself socr or Aristotle sort of becomes Canon
right and he's sort of just kind of gel people are just sort of jelling with Aristotle and Galen the medical side
that's the philosophy side the science side on on the medical side you have galin which updates diores which updates
hypocrates right and there's all these different updates of different textbooks that are coming out just like you see
today in Academia new new new new Scholars comes along update the previous ones this is how the ancient Greek world
was like what happened to that system gayen and Aristotle did not get updated
until the 16th century did you know people don't even know this okay wait
wait that's BR that's let me interrupt that's absolutely brilliant what you just noticed absolutely brilliant it was
everything was set in stone gayen was the last guy that the steps or the
bridge included all the way up to like 1850 he dominated he dominated why why
where's the stepwise progress yeah makes you think the main focus was on the
church that was the whole world the whole world was centered around the church from the from from I want to say
people people like you know you get uh Gibbon wants to say it's 476 I'll go farther back than that I'll
say thirdd Century actually collapse of the third Century that's the end I think
that's when it's it's just darkness from then on all the way until around like 1200 right before the Renaissance you
start getting all these brilliant writers here's one for example Flavio Bondo Flavio is one of the texts
I'm reading right now great he starts getting back into the classics he starts writing about KY and Addis and Adonis
and Di he starts writing about all these ancient Cults again and it's getting back into the subconscious people again
it's getting back people are reading about all the classic again but here's the point that I'm making is there was
no theater there was no Homer they didn't have esist anymore and then
people so I've heard I've heard people argue oh they had classic tests in those periods okay let's I'll give you a 500
year span I'll give you 500 years 500 AD to 1,00 ad what do you
got um um uh B wolf oh really B wolf that's
it you yeah no you get smelly stale Church
fathers who suck nut those dis those are all dissertations on on the Trinity on
on mother Mary and her divine nature on the nature of Christ on Christ in his flesh nature on on the Epistle of Paul
on this text that's on the Epistle of Paul on Augustine on this they're all
just writing about each other they're all just circlejerking each other about Christianity for
500 years they're not doing Homer anymore they're not doing as they're not making tragedies anymore they're not
having big festivals anymore in honor dionisis they're not doing games of Caesar anymore maybe they can't they
can't no they can't because that jerk theodosius outlawed it they can't do
anything they can't the oracles the oracles have shut down they can't do any of that stuff anymore they out
outlawed outlawed frivolous laughter they said if you laugh too hard
you're honoring dionis and that and that's the best picture this is what I'm bring this I'm
bringing this to my debate uh for when iate the Dark Ages it's it's a decree from 609 ad in Constantinople it's a
it's a it's a Papal or not a Papal uh patriarcal decree it's one of these
councils of Trent or something I can't remember the name of it counil of something Council of whatever who cares
and it says right in there the the if you if you are caught
laughing hysterically while producing wine you can be arrested because that means that you're contributing to
dionisis and they call him the abominal dionisis I love it he's the devil and I love it that's the devil that's Satan
dianis is Satan but it's so about what he represents laughter fun joy ex love
the world loving yourself enjoying life too it's a no-brainer it's a
no-brainer it's hilarious it's hilariously simple exactly no I love it
I love it what do you think is the key let me ask you this what do you think is the key to exposing because Dan and this
sort of individual they're all over the place there's way more of them than
there are of us so what do you see as a Way Forward well one thing I notic about
people like that is they're not they don't seem generally interested in these subjects they seem more generally
interested in pushing themselves up a ladder and running I'm gonna run for office it's all about me me me me me
they're not trying to like contribute to like the knowledge base it's not like scholar like that's the one thing about
people like James Frasier is they're genuinely trying to read read about the past get read about as many sources as
possible come up with some sort of explanation of all this stuff put it all together so that you can read about it
too today it's all about just like rubbing the right people the right way
so that you can stay in the positive light and oh look how great this person is look how great of a scholar he is
they just wrote about feminism in the Bible wow that's so so cool it's like that that's what's going on right now
it's more about promoting yourself and making everyone look how great of a scholar you are rather than actually
doing what scholar is supposed to do that's what I've noticed you it's called you tickle my Tain I'll tickle yours
yeah your book deal you get your book deal you don't worry about who buys on Amazon because it's gonna get sold to all these universities and then they're
gonna use that and then they're gonna and then then someone else's tuition is gonna go up because they gotta pay for that somehow and now now now you wonder
why it's $100,000 to go to school yeah because every got all these professors who got their book Deals they get their
paid Transit so they can travel and go on vacation to Greece and enjoy themselves and not do any work while
they're there grease and enjoy their free travel that your tuition is going to pay for right right it's a that's
what the system is that's education right now it's a bit of a business you know what I mean it's a bit of a
business and because it's a business their mouths are bound they are bound by
certain things there's things that you and I discuss here can't talk about it
there's no way I and I know for a fact there are classicists who hear it and they're like yeah yeah go you go I had
somebody I had a professor write me a letter I had a professor write me a
letter and say when everything was happening with them saying I couldn't talk about drugs and Antiquity saying um
I've got a lot of respect for you I've got a lot of respect for you and I wish I could be public but I'll lose my job
and I thought you know what that's uh that's a shame that the system is like that you know everybody thinks it's oh
it's a bunch of liberals running a system of Mind mind alteration no you idiots
you're just saying it because you've never been do you know what it is it's a business and people do they suck the
butt that they have to suck in order to keep that cashola coming in and you know
I have never met a professor never met a professor Professor who is a
tenur professor who didn't have a considerable number of nice things and
was comfortable I've never met a tenure professor and the bigger the school the
more Prestige did you smell the prestige on Dan the false Prestige it's a it's a
perfume they wear right the more Prestige you have the bigger your house
I'm not kidding you I've been in a lot of universities the people like that people like that you can tell that you
had 15 years to just pay attention to school and be and be a a a scholar I
never had an opportunity like that I had to go to work in a factory I actually dropped out of college because I didn't
have enough money to go there yeah I I couldn't get like I can't I didn't have someone paying for my college I didn't
have a Forman family that just gonna you're gonna be a scholar like no nobody ever once's like are you getting a job
there's a factory down the street that's open are you going to go there we need you you need to get a job you need to get out of like I had to work so like
most people don't have the opportunity just to be a scholar and then take 15 years out of their life and rack up debt
that they're not worried worried about and then just kind of sit around be on Tik Tok all day that's the most one
privilege [__] I've ever seen in my entire life and you can can see it it's
obvious yeah it's obvious it WS it reeks so let's just say that it's corrupt and
it's so it's so G filled that whatever the greed is going to tell you to do
that's what you're going to do those are the kind of books you're going to produce and that's the kind of quote
unquote scholarship you're going to produce look at somebody who's been through a theology training and they
don't even realize these are people who are making comments about the
own language that they're supposed to be studying I thought it was hilarious when the head of Hebrew University's Hebrew
program that he works with the government that dude works with the government to set the modern Hebrew
language right which is different it's got like 60,000 words I think was the
last count okay that's good that's a lot that's a good amount he's the one who
came out and he said in an article he said there's he said there's only 7,000
I'll let him be the expert because he's the expert um I knew it was around 8
,000 but he says there's really only 7,000 unique words so okay it's even
lower than we thought um the fact that somebody can be sitting in front of you in a green t-shirt and can say to you
this is the way it is it's 79 Point whatever dude you're in a you're you're
in a back alley NE didn't didn't I used to tell you didn't I used to tell you
that you can get taken into a back alley by these experts and these scholar the thing that was drove me crazy from that
clip was the smug smile that he must have thought 70,000 but he really me he
must have heard seven and thought 70 and he just was W you know or he must have
heard 70 or what did he say seven yeah the other way around he must have heard 70 and thought seven and he got it all
off H little does he know that smirk is for himself is he's the one that got it all up so that's why that smugness was
like wow the the the the the the the confidence the PRI The Pride
that I could just go into this podcast not check and just think that I know everything in my head that without even
have to check and then but oh [__] I was wrong oh [__] how am I G to cover this
up oh let's just say that I knew it the whole time but I leaned into the wrong answer come on you knew you were going
there for that for that question it's the first question he asked you yeah first question he asked you yeah know
that before we go do you have anything else you want to say about that or no no no no I just
want to say I just want to say thank you for going back to the sources to be able when you said I'm gonna show all the
sources for each of these dude um that lightsaber of yours nothing can stop it
nothing can stop that that is so fraking Renaissance of you
um speak of sources somebody in the comments was asking what I was talking about with the Laughing thing what
source is he talking about so I just pulled it up and if you want this is dark ages for you right here people who
deny the Dark Ages is a term that we should still use I question you on what
do you think about this all right you have a second the 60c cand
of Constantinople forbade the invocation of the name of the abdominal dianis when
grapes were crushed in the wine bats vitri culturists were also cautioned to
avoid frivolous laughter no more laughter you're not
allowed to laugh no more fun isn't that crazy that's dark that is dark ages to
me I don't care what you say this happens in the this in the 8th Century this is in the midst of the Dark Ages
this the middle of the Dark Ages no more hilarity baby you got to shut down the
hilarity you know they've got laws in the new plan of 2025 um they've they're gonna Force um
anti-p pornography laws and they're going to say that even a discussion is forbidden right we're
going back to those we're going back to those roots those medieval BS roots that
we're gonna we're gonna have to live up to what do you think that's the last question I want to ask what's the secret
here I know I like to come back to this frequently real Qui real quick on that yeah somebody recently somebody recently
made a comment about Islam and they go that's some Stone Age crap right there
because I guess was like a something about Islam like being terrorists or whatever that's some Stone Age stuff and
I just thought to myself no the stone AG was actually very beautiful you had the worship of kubaba
in the Stone Age you had the culation of the vine at the end of the Stone Age had Mano and cre at the end of the Stow age
not manow and cre just yeah you know there was the let me finish this thought
what they're actually referring to is the Middle Ages they instead of saying that's some Stone Age crap they should
be saying that's some middle AES crap right there the Middle Ages worse Stone Age they did have we got to we got to
recognize that there was a movement I somebody told me it was the abbasids
check me if that's right or not but they were Building Man Muslim culture was
building libraries at one point right building libraries and the only reason I
know that I've got Muslim brothers and sisters who followed classical Antiquity
is because they took authors like Galen and they translated them them into classical Arabic and the and
unfortunately in a lot of cases the original galin was lost so the
Arab Muslim abure the abis were the Golden Age were the ones who were
bringing us classical you mention how classical stuff kind of percolates it was just as much classical for them and
they loved it right you know and it was I that preserved Aristotle when the
Greeks weren't or the God God Smarties
and by the way that's that's the point that you just you just gave me my point when they say that's some Stone Age crap
when they're talking about Islam you to be specific it's more to be more
specific it's middle-ages Christian crap because that's what the Christians in the Middle Ages were acting like
howest yeah it's monest it's monest and anytime you get mystical or mysticism
that is influencing the monism it always creates a polytheistic escape and you
get people who suddenly appreciate all of the Alchemy and things like that you
get people who bring back the classics um it's the Cure of monism mysticism is
the cure of monism the best thing that we can do is show people the rights that
Jesus Christ himself is a part of And when they see that they'll know who they are the bad thing is is when you
understand what Antiquity was actually all about and you're into that dirt and
you see those drugs and you see those sex rights you know it puts you into a place that you have to question you have
to question who the hell am I who the hell am I what kind of belief system do I have when did it evolve and where did
it come from because you're not doing the original baby you're not doing the original thing that Jesus was doing
right so yeah love it love it yeah I would I would argue that dios dios vault
is the equivalent of Allah abbar because that's what they were chanting back in the Middle Ages when they were trying to
go and Sack Jerusalem and take it back do Vault Doo vault is this say they're
literally acting like that so the things that you're complaining about the things that you don't like about Hamas are the
things that you're you're Christian uh forefathers were doing in the Middle Ages same [__] right exactly that's
that's why I thought that line was Lucifer and the Tyrant was so important right always keep that in mind keep that
what is that tyranny baby if you do you'll be free and I hope that you that's a perfect way to send you off
because you're gonna go off to Florida I wish I was going with you you're gonna go off to Florida and you're gonna have
a couple of great interviews and uh you're gonna represent those sources in
a world that doesn't want that it wants a monest FAL reality that is a fairy
tale and everybody at satanic uh all the satanic congregation everybody at lady
Babylon here that's why you come here is you are dopeheads for reality you want
that reality so I love it I love it Neil thank you for coming tonight best of
luck on your trip and and all of the interviews um give them hell and hail
Satan hail Satan Gates of alone Dragon Lady of the Lake snake venom dream
section Mal purple ion House of
Frankenstein Violet rain Rhymes mura hold the flame Athena in the sky diamond
sharp on the magic coet I fly The Man Who Laughs wear a mask a away thump make
these [__] jump see out on Broadway Dr
Doom B go you get the
face magic get medicine wish
you crush you get the face you get medicine wish you
would jeers creepers my
[Music]